Privacy Policy - Advanced Textiles Association
MENU
JOIN ATA
|
LOG IN
CREATE FREE ACCOUNT
BECOME A MEMBER
Membership
Join 1,400+ member companies serving the advanced textiles industry.
Events
Advance your business with our targeted industry events.
Publications
Subscribe to our award-winning publications and E-Newsletters.
Groups
Find members and solutions for your market segment.
Community
Connect with peers to share strategic advice and solve challenges.
Sourcing
Utilize the textile industry's most complete directories of products, equipment, and companies.
News
Get the latest textile industry news from our articles, E-Newsletters, and podcasts.
Education
Expand your knowledge and skills within the textile industry.
ABOUT
SHOP
ADVERTISE
AWARDS
CONTACT
Skip to content
|   PRIVACY PRIVACY
Privacy Policy Paul Lyon 2023-08-17T08:37:07-05:00
ATA Privacy Policy Contents:
Information We Collect and Receive
How We Use the Information We Collect and Receive
Analytics, Cookies and Other Website Technologies
Information Sharing
Communicating
Accessing Your Data
Security
GDPR Support
Changes to this Statement/Contact Us
1. Information We Collect and Receive
ATA collects different types of information to provide products and services to our members and non-members within the specialty fabrics industry, including:
Customer Account:  This includes information you provide to create your account, respond to surveys, call recordings, membership/advertising/exhibitor/sponsor contracts, magazine/e-newsletter subscription forms, professional certification or credits for education, awards programs, volunteer participation, editorial sourcing and requests to be placed on distribution lists. The information may include contact data, billing and payment information, demographic data, a password and a valid email address.
Registration Data:  This includes information you provide to create your account, , or attend and present webinars. The information may also include contact data, billing and payment information, demographic data, a password and a valid email address.
Service Data (including Session and Usage Data):
When you use our products and services, ATA receives information generated through the purchase and/or use of the products and services, either entered by you or others who use the products and services with you. ATA may also collect usage and log data about how the products and services are accessed and used, including information about the device you are using the products and services on, IP addresses, location information, language settings, and what operating system you are using.
Third Party Data:  We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data. This data may be combined with information we already have about you to help us update, expand and analyze our records, identify new prospects for marketing, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
Location Information:  We collect your location-based information for the purposes of providing and supporting ATA products and services.
Device Information:  When you use our products and services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use and its operating system version.
Hotel Stay Information:  Attendees who secure housing through this agency must provide personal information such as: arrival and departure dates, hotel selection, contact information, and payment and billing information.
2. How We Use the Information We Collect and Receive
ATA may use the data we collect as necessary to (a) provide and maintain the services we offer; (b) address and respond to customer support issues; (c) as required by law; (d) fulfill our contracts; (e) improve and enhance products and services.
Some specific examples of how we use the information:
Create and maintain your account
Mail magazines and email e-newsletters
Send you an order confirmation or contract
Payment processing
Mail and email marketing communications
Mail and email membership communications
Respond to customer inquiries
Conduct research and analysis
Market services of our third-party business partners
ATA may use the data we collect to contact you about relevant products and services based upon legitimate interest. “Legitimate interests” means the interests of ATA in conducting and managing our organization, and in serving our industry. For example, we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data to analyze how our websites, products and services are being used by you, and to ensure network and information security, as described in this Privacy Policy. When we process your personal data for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you, and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate interests do not automatically override your interests. We will not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you, unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law
ATA will retain your information as long as your account with us is active, to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. If you wish to cancel your account, stop receiving services, or inactivate or remove personal information about you from our database, please  contact us here.
3. Analytics, Cookies and Other Website Technologies
ATA is continuously improving its websites and products through the use of various third-party website analytic tools. They help us understand how visitors use our websites, desktop tools, and mobile applications, what they like and dislike, and where they may encounter issues. While we maintain ownership of this data, we do not share this type of data about individual users with third parties.
Geolocation and Other Data:
We may utilize precise Geolocation data, but only if you specifically opt-in to the collection of that data in connection with a particular service. We also use information such as IP addresses to determine the general geographic location areas of our visitors. The web beacons used in conjunction with these web analytics tools may gather data such as which browser or operating system a person uses, domain names, MIME types, and what content, products and services are reviewed or downloaded when visiting or registering for services at one of our websites or using one of our mobile applications.
Google Analytics:
We use Google Analytics as described in  “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps.”  You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics on websites by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.  We also employ IP address masking, a technique used to truncate IP addresses collected by  Google Analytics  and store them in an abbreviated form to prevent them from being traced back to individual users. Portions of our website may also use Google Analytics for display advertisers including DoubleClick or Dynamic Remarketing, which provide interest-based ads based on your visit to this or other websites.  You may use  Ads Settings  to manage the Google ads you see and opt-out of interest-based ads.
Tracking Technologies:
ATA and its partners use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track user traffic patterns and hold certain registration information. Tracking technologies such as beacons, tags and scripts, are also used to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our service. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You may still review the website if you choose to set your browser to refuse all cookies; however, you must enable cookies to establish an account and to install the services.
Examples of Cookies We Use:
Cookie Type
Purpose
Description
Session Cookies
We use these cookies to operate our websites.
Some cookies are essential for the operation of ATA websites. If a user chooses to disable these cookies, the user will not be able to access all of the content and features.
Preference Cookies
We use these cookies to remember your preferences.
When you register from an ATA website, we use cookies to store unique, randomly assigned user IDs that we generate for administrative purposes. These cookies enable you to enter the ATA sites without having to log on each time.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
We use cookies to make advertising more engaging to users, as well as to assist in reporting on marketing program performance and analytics.
Security Cookies
These cookies are used for general security purposes and user authentication.
We use security cookies to authenticate users, prevent the fraudulent use of log-in credentials, and protect user data from access by unauthorized parties.
Mobile Analytics:
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.
Social Media:
Our sites include social media features, such as Facebook, Google and Twitter “share” buttons. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These services will also authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, such as your name and email address, to pre-populate our sign-up form or provide feedback. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
4. Information Sharing
Ensuring your privacy is important to us. ATA does not sell its lists or share your personal information with third parties except as described in this privacy policy. We may share your personal information as needed for legal purposes. Third-party service providers have access to personal information only as needed to perform their functions, and must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Examples of information we may share with third-party service providers:
Fulfilling orders – OnTrac, Fed Ex, UPS, USPS, Community Brands Software
Payment processing – Paypal, CardConnect/BluePay fka:Vantiv
Processing magazine label files – Royle Printing, Stamats
Verifying accuracy and updating contact information – Lorton Data, NCOA Data Correction
Sending marketing communications – Higher Logic Software, Platinum IP LLC, Ideal Printing, Ewald Consulting
Conducting research and analysis – MDG, Survey Gizmo, Survey Monkey, Microsoft 365, Google Analytics, Domo Inc, Association Analytics (Acumen)
Sending member communications – Higher Logic and Community Brands Software, Microsoft 365
Display content based upon your interests – Feathr, Google
Processing event, virtual event, and webinar registrations – Community Brands, Pathable, GoToMeeting/GoToWebinar, Cadmium, and Remo
Creation and fulfillment of exhibitor and sponsorship contracts and services – Freeman, A2Z, Community Brands
Tracking of registrant housing/hotel reservation – Conference Direct
​Conference Appointment Facilitation – The Wall Street Transcript Corporation (MeetMax)
Sending confirmation of Continuing Education Unit to licensing bodies
Providing member benefit discounts and services – APPI, PartnerShip, Standards Store, Marsh & McLennan, SCL Equipment Finance, CardConnect, CB Wealth, Advancea​, and Kamber Narrow Fabric Machinery LLC
Coordination of exhibitor information – (various) Co-Location Organizations for Specific Events
Job Board services – Boxwood Technology
Sharing membership details of Japan and New Zealand members with ATA Japan and ATA New Zealand
Customer communications platform – Community Brands Software, Higher Logic Software
Examples of how we may disclose data for legal reasons include:
As part of a merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, where customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
As required by law, for example, to comply with a valid subpoena or other legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or to protect your safety (or the safety of others); to investigate fraud; or to respond to a government request.
We may also disclose your personal information to any third party with your prior consent.
5. Communications
ATA may need to communicate with you for a variety of reasons, including:
Responding to your questions and requests. If you contact us with a problem or question, we will use your information to respond.
Sending you administrative emails and messages about your membership or other relevant business information. We may contact you to inform you about changes in our services, our service offerings, and important service-related notices, such as billing or security notices. These emails and messages are considered a necessary part of the services, and you may not opt-out of them.
Sending emails about new products or other news about ATA that we think you’d like to hear about, either from us or from our business partners. You may always opt out of these types of messages at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each communication.
Conducting surveys. We may use the information gathered in the surveys to enhance and personalize our products, services, and websites.
Offering referral programs and incentives, which allow you to utilize email, text, or URL links that you may share with friends or colleagues.
For industry expertise in the case of sourcing editorial content, conducting market research and soliciting presenters for education.
6. Accessing Your Data
Our customers may always review, update or change personal information from within their accounts. ATA will also, when you request, provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. Please  contact us here  if you need assistance in reviewing your information. ATA will respond to your access request to review the information we have on file for you within a reasonable time.
We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our services, and when we do, these transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by appropriate transfer agreements. We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our customers as needed to provide services to our customers. Also, we will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
ATA is headquartered in the United States of America and maintains a global infrastructure.  Information that we collect and maintain may be transferred to, or controlled and processed by, our representatives in the United States and/or other countries around the world. When you provide us with information, or use our website(s) and services, you consent to this transfer.  We will protect the privacy and security of personal information we collect in accordance with this privacy policy, regardless of where it is processed or stored.
7. Security
ATA follows generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received; however, no security measure is perfect. We recommend safeguarding your password, as it is one of the easiest ways you can manage the security of your own account – remember that if you lose control over your password, you may lose control over your personal information.
8. GDPR Support
The following provision applies if the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to the particular transaction and if you are a data subject, as defined by the GDPR, within the European Economic Area.  We are based in the United States and any personal data collected from this website will be transferred and processed within the U.S. If you do not agree to this, do not provide us with personal data.
Data Controller:  Advanced Textiles Association (ATA)
Data Subject Rights to Personal Information
to access your information and to receive information about its use
to have your information corrected and/or completed
to have your information deleted
to restrict the use of your information
to receive your information in a portable format
to object to the use of your information
to withdraw your consent to the use of your information
to complain to a supervisory authority
Your rights as a data subject may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions.  You may exercise your rights as a data subject by contacting us in writing at  privacy@textiles.org .  When you make a request, we may require certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able to process your request. Your cooperation is necessary to exercise your rights under the GDPR.
Sensitive personal information: we do not knowingly or intentionally collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’, as defined by the GDPR. Please do not submit sensitive personal information about you to us.
9. Changes to this Statement/Contact Us
ATA may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will provide notice on this website, and we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account). We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you continue to use ATA products and services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please contact as at:
Address: Advanced Textiles Association, 1801 County B West, Roseville, MN 55113
Phone: +1 800 208 2615
Email:   privacy@textiles.org
Last updated 07/21/2022
Member Groups Toggle Navigation Awnings Emerging Technologies Fabric Structures Geosynthetics Marine Military Tent U.S. Industrial and Narrow Fabrics Institute Workforce Development ATA Canada ATA Japan OFPANZ Membership Toggle Navigation Join Renew Dues Benefits Student Membership Education Institutions Member Referral Program Advertise Toggle Navigation Print Digital Exhibit Sponsor Publications Toggle Navigation Specialty Fabrics Review Fabric Architecture Geosynthetics Textile Technology Source InTents Marine Fabricator Education Toggle Navigation Intro to Fabrics Certification Video Library Webinar Library Sourcing Toggle Navigation Member Directory Buyer’s Guides Career Center Events Toggle Navigation Advanced Textiles Expo Geosynthetics Conference Calendar Community Toggle Navigation CONNECT by ATA News Toggle Navigation Podcast Articles E-newsletters About Toggle Navigation Board of Directors Staff Annual Report Careers Awards Toggle Navigation Int’l Achievement Award Marine Fabrication Award Volunteer Award Honored Life Member Chairman’s Award Expo Showstopper Shop Toggle Navigation Media Store ATA Brand Store Member Groups Toggle Navigation Awnings Emerging Technologies Fabric Structures Geosynthetics Marine Military Tent U.S. Industrial and Narrow Fabrics Institute Workforce Development ATA Canada ATA Japan OFPANZ Membership Toggle Navigation Join Renew Dues Benefits Student Membership Education Institutions Member Referral Program Events Toggle Navigation Advanced Textiles Expo Geosynthetics Conference Calendar Publications Toggle Navigation Specialty Fabrics Review Fabric Architecture Geosynthetics Textile Technology Source InTents Marine Fabricator Education Toggle Navigation Intro to Fabrics Certification Video Library Webinar Library Sourcing Toggle Navigation Member Directory Buyer’s Guides Career Center Advertise Toggle Navigation Print Digital Exhibit Sponsor Community Toggle Navigation CONNECT by ATA About Toggle Navigation Board of Directors Staff Annual Report Careers News Toggle Navigation Podcast Articles E-newsletters Awards Toggle Navigation Podcast Articles E-newsletters Shop Toggle Navigation Podcast Articles E-newsletters 1801 County Road B W, Suite 100
Roseville, MN 55113-4052, USA
+1 651 222 2508
800 225 4324
1801 County Road B W, Suite 100
Roseville, MN 55113-4052, USA
+1 651 222 2508  |
800 225 4324
Copyright @ 2023 Advanced Textiles Association. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy   |
Terms of Service
Copyright @ 2023 Advanced Textiles Association. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy   |
Terms of Service
Page load link
Go to Top