Privacy Policy – Luna AI – Tap Mobile
Skip to content
Products Join our team
Privacy Policy – Luna AI
Privacy Policy & Terms – Luna AI
Last updated: June 9, 2023
Welcome to Luna AI! We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you about how we look after your personal data when you use our mobile application (“App”) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Smart media internet marketing LTD.  (“Smart Media”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) values your privacy. In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our website, users of our mobile application (the “App”), and the services available through our Site and our App (collectively, the “services”).
This Policy shall supplement our End User License Agreement (the “ Agreement ”), along with any supplemental guidelines and policies provided by us from time to time, all incorporated herein by reference.
1. Personal Data We Collect
When you interact with our App, we collect and process the following types of data:
–
Personal identifiers : such as your username and/or any other identifier you may choose to use within the App.
–
Technical data : such as internet protocol (IP) address, device type, unique device identification numbers, login data, browser type and version, time zone setting, and location.
–
Interaction data : which includes details about your usage of the App, and the resources that you access.
–
Facial Recognition Data : Facial mapping data is used to recognize people in images and camera experiences, but cannot be used to identify specific individuals.
–
Image Data : When you upload a photo, we analyze it on our servers and then delete it immediately after analysis.
–
Voice Data : We process voice data on your device to facilitate voice calls. This data is not transmitted outside of your device.
2. How We Use Your Personal Data
We will use your personal data in the following ways:
–
To provide our services : We will use your data to provide you with the requested services, including the personalization of content within the App.
–
To improve our services : We use interaction data to better understand user behavior and improve our App.
–
To train our machine learning models : Interaction data, including chat data, helps us train our neural networks, enabling us to improve the functionality and intelligence of Luna AI.
Please note that all personal identifiers are anonymized before being used to train our models. The process ensures the privacy and security of your personal data while allowing us to leverage the data for the improvement of Luna AI.
3. Age Requirement
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, or to children under 16 who reside in a European Union Member State. We do not knowingly collect personal information from these individuals. If you are under these age limits, you are not authorized to use the Services. If you believe a child under these age limits has provided Personal Information to us, please contact us immediately.
4. Links to Third Party Websites and Services
Our Services may contain links to third-party websites not operated or controlled by us (“Third Party Sites”). The information you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by their respective privacy policies and terms of service, not by this Privacy Policy. We do not endorse or have reviewed these sites. For information on the privacy practices of these sites, please contact the Third Party Site directly.
5. Data Security
We have implemented appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know.
6. Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
7. International Users
Users outside of the United States should be aware that by using our Service, your Personal Information may be transferred to our facilities and servers in the United States.
8. Information Provided by Choice
Some Personal Information is optional to provide. However, not providing certain Personal Information may limit your ability to fully utilize
features of our Services.
9. California Privacy Rights
For California residents, we disclose Personal Information categories we collect, its sources, our use of Personal Information, and if disclosed, the categories of Personal Information we disclosed.
California residents have the following privacy rights:
– The right to know what Personal Information we have collected and how we have used and disclosed that Personal Information
– The right to request deletion of your Personal Information
– The right to be free from discrimination relating to the exercise of any of your privacy rights.
We do not and will not sell your Personal Information. To exercise the above privacy rights, please contact us via the details provided below.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email:
support@tap.pm
12. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy, its interpretation, and any claims and disputes related hereto, shall be governed by, construed under, and enforced in all respects solely and exclusively in accordance with the internal substantive laws of Israel, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any and all such claims and disputes shall be brought in, and you hereby consent to them being litigated in and decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Tel Aviv, Israel. This provision on Governing Law and Jurisdiction shall not apply to individuals residing in the EU: If you are a resident in the EU, you have the right to bring a case before your local supervisory authority for data protection.
13. Consent
By using our App, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 9, 2023.
Toggle Navigation Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact us Careers Our apps Toggle Navigation Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Page load link
Go to Top