Paid Survey Website – Earn Money for Your Opinions
BLOG
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Dollar Surveys
PRIVACY POLICY – DOLLAR SURVEYS
Last updated: 04.03.2023.
Welcome to Dollar Surveys!
Dollar Surveys App is an app and website ( www.dollarsurveys.app ) owned and operated by Software Assurance LLC. (“Company”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”), located in Dallas, Texas.
This Privacy Policy explains how We collect, store, share and protect your personal information when you download our app (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.dollarsurveys) and share your information. Your privacy is very important to Us. Your information will not be used or shared in any other way than the one that is described in this Privacy Policy.
By continuing to use Our App or Website, You agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this Privacy Policy. If there are any terms that are stated in this Policy you do not agree with, please discontinue using Our App and Website immediately.
We have the right to update and change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We strongly advise You to re-read this page often in order to keep Yourself updated about the collection of Your personal information.
INTERPRETATION AND DEFINITIONS
The words with the first letter capitalized are defined under the following definitions.
Privacy Policy – Refers to Our policies and regulations on the collection and use of personal information when accessing Our App or Website;
Personal Information – Refers to any information which helps to identify a particular person or user interacting with Our App or Website, or any information from which the user’s identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained by the entity that is holding the information;
Website – Refers to the website located at
https://www.dollarsurveys.app/
App – Refers to the app located at
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.dollarsurveys
We (“Us”, “Our”, “Company”) – Refers to the Company Software Assurance LLC., located at 13355 Noel Rd, Suite 1100, Dallas, Texas, 75240, United States;
You (“Your”) – Refers to any individual who is accessing Our App or Website;
Device – Refers to any device that is being used to access Our App or Website.
The following definitions are applicable to both singular and plural.
WHAT KIND OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
The term “personal information” refers to any information that relates to You and allows someone to identify You, such as your name, email address, device information, geolocation, age, date of birth, your income information, profile activities, and so on. This information can be collected automatically or You may provide it to Us through Your relationship with Us or We may collect it from cookies, third parties, and similar technologies.
The information we collect helps us offer and improve Our services and users’ experience when they access Our Website or Our App, detect and prevent spam and fraudulent activities on Our App or Website, comply with legal obligations. In addition, the personal information We collect is necessary for analytics, market research, advertising, and marketing purposes.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect personal information that You provide to us through Your relationship with Our App or Website. Depending on Your relationship with Our App or Website (whether You are just browsing, signing up, what choices You make on the website or accessing, signup, playing, what choices You make on the app), we may collect different types of personal information.
All information that You voluntarily provide to Us, must be true and complete. If there are any changes to the information You have already provided to Us, You must notify Us immediately of such changes.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
Some personal information We collect is collected automatically by technology. The data that is collected this way does not reveal Your specific identity, but may include the following:
Device information (device type, device identifiers, device characteristics, etc.);
Usage information (interactions with the app or website, activities, and choices that are made on the app or website);
Brower information (operating system, browser version, installed plug-ins, time zone, etc.);
Location information (device location);
Other technical information.
The information that is collected this way is necessary for improving Our app or website, internal analytics, and reporting purposes.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Website and We collect certain information from them.
Cookies are small pieces of data that are downloaded and stored on your computer (or other smart devices you’re using) when you access Our Website. Cookies can be set by the website owner and by third parties.
Cookies set by the website owner (first-party cookies) are widely used for making the website function properly and improve the users’ experience when they access our website.
Third-party cookies (cookies set by parties other than the website owner) are set for enabling third-party features on the website in question.
It is possible to prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable cookies, you may experience the downgrade or total failure of some of the website’s elements.
To learn more about how We use cookies and how You can adjust and/or disable them.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from minors (children below the age where parental consent is required). If We become aware that We have unintentionally collected any information from minors, We will take reasonable measures to delete such Personal Information.
If you become aware of any Personal Information that We may have collected, please contact Us via this email
support@dollarsurveys.app .
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may collect, use, hold, and disclose Your Personal Information for various purposes, such as:
Customizing, personalizing, and improving Your experience of Our App or Website;
Marketing and advertising purposes;
Sending promotional information about some services that might be of interest to You;
Analytics and market research purposes that help us to improve Our App or Website;
Complying with legal requirements and regulations;
Resolving any disputes which may arise;
Preventing frauds and ensuring that Our App or Website is safe.
In addition, We may collect, use, hold, and disclose Your Personal Information for:
Enabling participation in online surveys;
Gathering profiling information to better target specific surveys and other market research programs to a Panelist;
Contacting Panelist to invite them to participate in surveys or other market research programs;
Updating the records of Panelist’s Personal Information;
Managing incentives programs and fulfilling Panelist’s requests for such incentives;
Allowing Panelists to participate in sweepstakes (if permitted);
Responding to any messages or requests a Panelist may send;
Validating the profiling information or answers a Panelist provided to a survey or other market research program;
Providing service and support to Panelists;
Detecting and preventing violation of these Terms and Conditions;
Investigating suspected fraudulent activity or violation of another party’s rights;
Responding to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law;
As otherwise authorized by a Panelist.
Note: Receiving email communications may be a requirement of your participation in surveys or other market research programs. A panelist can opt-out from receiving these emails by unsubscribing from surveys or other market research programs at any time by contacting us at
support@dollarsurveys.app .
WILL WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH ANYONE?
Your information might be shared, from time to time, with some third parties, such as service providers, vendors, consultants, agents, affiliates, business partners, and other third parties.
We may share the information with these parties if it is necessary to achieve Our legitimate business interests, if You’ve given Us specific consent to share Your information for a specific purpose, if We are legally required to do so in order to comply with governing law, court orders, and other legal processes, or We may share Your information if it is necessary for preventing and taking action against some fraudulent activities and violations of Our policies.
Information sharing with third parties is sometimes necessary for various marketing efforts such as data analysis, hosting services, promotional purposes, customer service, email campaigns.
In addition, Your information might be shared in situations when We’re scaling up Our App or Website, merging or selling Our company, or in case of unlikely bankruptcy.
Your information may also be shared with Dollar Survey - Branded Surveys, a third-party partner, for the purpose of enabling participation in online surveys and related market research activities.
Please note that some third parties can be located outside of Your country and in this case, Your information will have to be shared outside of Your country. To learn more about international transfers, please check the section named “WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?”.
When sharing Your information with third parties, We will take reasonable precautions to ensure that Your Personal Information is treated safely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
The information We collect from You may be transferred and kept on servers located outside of Your country. By continuing to use Our App or Website, You agree to this transfer of information.
We will take all reasonable precautions to ensure that Your Personal Information is treated safely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
To learn more about how We protect Your Personal Information, please check the section named “WILL WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?”.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING HOW WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
We want to make sure that We’re delivering the best possible service to You and allow You to be in control of how We use and collect Your Personal Information. We fully recognize Your legal rights regarding how We process Your information. The following paragraphs describe Your legal rights and how You can exercise them.
Right to be informed – You have the right to obtain confirmation and information about the processing of Your Personal Information.
Right of access – You have the right to access any information We have about You.
Right to rectification – You have the right to have any inaccuracies about Your Personal Information corrected.
Right to erasure – You have the right to have Your Personal Information deleted (this right is limited to information which according to law and regulation may only be processed with Your consent if You withdraw Your consent for processing). We don’t keep most of this information as it is sent to survey partners. But remember we don’t ask specific information except DOB, email, etc.
Right to restriction of information processing – You have the right to require that the processing of Your Personal Information is restricted (during the course of any investigation into honoring Your request, Our access to Your Personal Information will be limited).
Right to information portability – You have the right to have Your Personal Information transferred to another party in a readily available format (this right is limited to information provided by You).
If you live outside of US, Our App and Website is not for you. Immediately uninstall our app if you already installed.
If You want to exercise any of Your rights, you may contact Us with such a request using the contact details provided in the section named
“HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?”.
We always ensure that it is permitted to process Your Personal Information. We generally do this by obtaining your consent, however, in limited cases, We may use a statutory condition to process Your Personal Information.
If a statutory condition applies and allows Us to process Your Personal Information and You withdraw consent for information processing, this will not necessarily mean that We will cease to process Your Personal Information as it may, for example, be under a statutory duty to continue to process Your Personal Information for some specific purposes.
WILL WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
Please note that transmitting and sharing information via the Internet is never 100% secure. Although We do our best to keep Your information safe and secure, We cannot guarantee its absolute safety and security. Any transmission of information is only at Your risk so make sure to treat this matter with the utmost care.
FOR HOW LONG WILL WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION?
We will store Your Personal Information no longer than it is necessary to process Your activity or no longer than You authorized. The length of time we decide to store Your Personal Information may also depend on Our or one of Our partner’s contractual commitments to You, applicable periods of limitation (to bring claims), or according to applicable law.
If You want to access the information We have collected, You can send us a request. Upon receiving a request from an individual to access, erase, or change their stored information, We will attempt to provide the requested information within 30 days, providing that the request is such that it can be reasonably responded to in that time frame. If more time is required, We will notify You within 30 days. In case We have to verify Your identity, We may ask You to provide some additional documentation that will confirm Your identity.
In certain situations, however, We may not be able to provide access to some Personal Information. This may occur when:
providing access to Personal Information would likely reveal Personal Information about a third party;
The information has been collected for the purposes of a legal investigation.
In case We have to deny an individual’s request to access their Personal Information, We will notify them of the reason for the refusal.
WHAT IS OUR STANDING ON THIRD-PARTY APPS, WEBSITES, AND COOKIES?
Our App or Website may contain ads and links to other App or websites that are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We cannot guarantee the safety of any information You provide to third parties. Make sure to review the privacy policies of third-party websites before deciding whether You are going to continue using them.
LINKS TO OTHER APPS OR WEBSITES
Our App or Website may contain links to other apps or websites. By clicking on these links, You will be redirected to other apps or websites (or mobile applications) that are not covered by this Privacy Policy. To avoid giving information to any fraudulent apps or websites, make sure to review their privacy policy as soon as You enter the app or website You have been redirected to.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Our Website and Our App, like many other professional websites, use cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data that are downloaded and stored on Your computer (or other smart devices You’re using) when You access Our website.
Some of these cookies help Our Website function properly, while others are necessary for analytics, advertising, and improving the users’ experience.
It is possible to prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on Your browser. Keep in mind that if You choose to disable cookies, You may experience the downgrade or total failure of some of the Website’s elements.
To learn more about cookies, how We use them, and how You can adjust/disable them on Your Device.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Do-Not-Track (DNT) is a web browser setting that, when turned on, allows You to not have Your actions monitored online and stops all tracking activities. The DNT feature was first introduced in 2010 by the US Federal Trade Commission. By the end of 2011, it was adopted by most web browsers, but because it doesn’t carry any legal weight, it was never widely adopted.
Since no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized, We do not currently respond to them or any other mechanisms that could communicate Your choice to not be tracked online. If the online-tracking standard is adopted in the future, We will notify You about such a change in Our revised version of this Privacy Policy.
WILL WE UPDATE THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
We reserve the right to update and change this Privacy Policy and practices from time to time. The changed Policy will have an updated “revised” date that will be visible on top of this page. The updated version will be effective as soon as it is published on Our App or Website.
To keep Yourself updated, make sure to review this page periodically for any changes. If there are any terms in this Privacy Policy You do not agree with, please discontinue using Our App or Website immediately.
By continuing to use Our App or Website, You agree with all the terms stated in Our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or about the use and collection of personal information, contact Us by filling out a short form on the following page
contact page
or via the following email
support@dollarsurveys.app .
We will get back to You as quickly as possible!
Blog
Contact Us
TERMS
PRIVACY POLICY
Copyright © 2023 Dollar Survey App LLC