L.L.Bean Privacy Policy
Customer Service
1.207.552.3051
Help Center
Order Status
Returns
Email
Log in
Ship To
Menu
Search Catalog
Search
Skip to content
Shopping Bag
Search Catalog
Search
Men's
Men's Clothing
Shop All Men's Clothing
Shop by Size Range
Shirts
Sweaters
Sweatshirts & Fleece
Jeans
Pants
Shorts
Swimwear
Sleepwear
Base Layers
Activewear
Accessories
Men's Outerwear
Shop All Men's Outerwear
Shop by Size Range
Insulated Jackets
Casual Jackets
Fleece Jackets
Rain Jackets & Shells
Windbreakers
Vests
Snow & Rain Pants
Accessories
Men's Footwear
Shop All Men's Footwear
Sneakers & Shoes
Boots
Slippers
Sandals & Water Shoes
Socks
Accessories
Women's
Women's Clothing
Shop All Women's Clothing
Shop by Size Range
Shirts & Tops
Sweaters
Sweatshirts & Fleece
Jeans
Pants
Shorts & Skorts
Dresses & Skirts
Swimwear
Sleepwear
Base Layers
Activewear
Accessories
Women's Outerwear
Shop All Women's Outerwear
Shop by Size Range
Insulated Jackets
Casual Jackets
Fleece Jackets
Rain Jackets & Shells
Windbreakers
Vests
Snow & Rain Pants
Accessories
Women's Footwear
Shop All Women's Footwear
Sneakers & Shoes
Boots
Slippers
Sandals & Water Shoes
Socks
Accessories
Kids
Kids' Clothing
Shop All Kids' Clothing
Tops
Bottoms
Swimwear
Sleepwear
Base Layers
Accessories
Toddler & Baby
Kids' Outerwear
Shop All Kids' Outerwear
Jackets & Vests
Pants & Bibs
Toddler & Baby
Accessories
Kids' Footwear
Shop All Kids' Footwear
Hiking Boots and Shoes
Rain & Snow Boots
Slippers
Socks
Toddler & Baby
Outdoor Equipment
Camping & Hiking
Tents & Shelters
Sleeping Bags & Pads
Backpacks
Hiking Poles & Gaiters
Flashlights, Headlamps & Lanterns
Camping Furniture
Camping Kitchen
Health & Safety
Hunting
Binoculars
Packs, Bags & Vest Packs
Archery Gear
Shooting Sports & Gun Safety
Knives & Tools
Dog Training & Supplies
Hunting Accessories
Clothing & Footwear
Water Sports
Kayaking
Canoeing
Stand-Up Paddleboarding
Personal Floatation Devices
Dry Bags
Water & Beach Toys
Clothing & Footwear
Fishing
Waders & Wading Boots
Vest Packs & Storage
Rods
Reels
Rod & Reel Combos
Flies & Lures
Fly Lines, Leaders & Tippets
Tools & Accessories
Clothing
Winter Sports
Snowshoeing
Downhill Skiing Accessories
Cross-Country Skiing
Sleds & Snow Toys
Skiing Outerwear
Cycling
Clothing & Footwear
Hydration
Drinkware & Thermoses
Water Bottles
Games & Recreation
Games & Outdoor Toys
Sleds & Snow Toys
Water & Beach Toys
Car Racks & Cargo Boxes
Outdoor Accessories
Sunglasses
Binoculars
Sun & Bug Shelters
Beach Towels & Outdoor Blankets
Electronics
Flashlights, Headlamps & Lanterns
Health & Safety
Knives & Tools
Coolers
Dog Supplies
Bags & Travel
School Backpacks & Lunch Boxes
School Backpacks
Lunch Boxes
Water Bottles
Accessories
Hiking Backpacks
Bags & Totes
Tote Bags
Everyday Backpacks
Crossbody Bags
Waist Packs
Luggage & Duffle Bags
Travel Backpacks
Luggage
Duffle Bags
Ski Luggage
Travel Accessories
Toiletry Bags & Organizers
Home Goods
Bedding
Sheets
Quilts & Bedspreads
Comforters & Covers
Blankets & Throws
Mattress Pads
Bed Skirts
Pillows
Bath
Shower Curtains
Bath & Beach Towels
Bath Mats
Furniture
Outdoor Furniture
Indoor Furniture
Fireplace & Hearth
Rugs & Mats
Indoor
Outdoor
Waterhog Mats
Home Decor
Blankets & Throws
Throw Pillows
Baskets & Totes
Home Accessories
Holiday
Stockings
Decorations
Backyard & Patio
Outdoor Furniture
Outdoor Rugs & Mats
Hammocks
Games & Outdoor Toys
Gardening
Games & Books
Games & Outdoor Toys
Books
Dog Supplies
Beds & Blankets
Collars, Leads & Leashes
Bowls & Mats
Kennels
Jackets & Vests
Sale
Clothing
Men's
Women's
Kids'
Outerwear
Men's
Women's
Kids'
Footwear
Men's
Women's
Kids'
Outdoor Equipment
Camping & Hiking
Hunting
Fishing
Paddling
Games & Recreation
Outdoor Accessories
Bags & Travel
Backpacks
Lunch Boxes
Bags & Totes
Luggage & Duffle Bags
Toiletry Bags & Organizers
Home Goods
New to Sale
Clothing
Outerwear
Footwear
Outdoor Equipment
Bags & Travel
Home Goods
Two-A-Day Daily Markdown
Clothing and Home Goods
Daily Markdown
Daily Markdown
Explore L.L.Bean
View All Explore L.L. Bean
Get Outside Guide
Camping
Fishing
Hiking
Kids
Home & Backyard
Winter
Hunting
Paddling
Stories That Inspire Us
Ambassadors
Mirna Valerio
The Bowman Family
The Brooks Family
Lea Davison
Jessie Diggins
Melody Forsyth
Kikkan Randall
Social Impact
Our Employees
Sustainability
DEI Efforts
Partners
Inside L.L.Bean
Current Stories
Press Kit
Our Company
Change Country
account
call us
Where is my order?
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Since our founding in 1912, one of our guiding principles at L.L.Bean has been to provide
customers with incredible service. In today’s world, that service includes respecting your privacy
rights and being transparent about how we use your information to better serve you.
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and share your personal information along
with
your choices and options
as of September
27, 2023. It applies anytime you connect with us – by visiting our websites, stores, outlets,
Outdoor Discovery Programs, or social media pages, or contacting us by phone, email, mail, or chat.
By interacting with us in these and other ways, you're agreeing to our privacy policy and consenting
to our collection, use, and disclosure policies described in this Policy. Occasionally we’ll ask you
to agree to additional policies (for example, when you participate in an L.L.Bean Outdoor Discovery
Program).
If you have any questions or need assistance, please don’t hesitate to reach out:
Contact Us:
U.S. and Canada
(800) 341-4341 Outside the U.S.
Access Code + (207) 552-3028 Email
preferences@llbean.com Mail
L.L.Bean, Dept. CFM. 15 Casco St., Freeport, ME 04033
1. Information We Collect and
Process
We collect certain information when you connect with us in
order to personalize and improve your L.L.Bean experience, including
when you:
Visit our website
Place an order
Return or exchange products
Create an online account
Shop at our stores, outlets, and kiosks
Sign up for events and experiences
Subscribe to L.L.Bean promotional emails
Participate in an Outdoor Discovery Program
Enter a sweepstakes or contest
Join our mailing list
Take a survey
Share your photos, videos, and stories
Contact customer service via phone, email, chat, or
social media
Apply for a job
Information you choose to provide may include:
Name
Mailing and/or street address
Telephone number
Email address
Order information
Date of birth
Photos or videos (please see our Content Submission
Terms and Conditions for details)
Information about gift recipients (if sending an order
to someone other than yourself)
Your correspondence if you contact us
When you visit our website, we automatically receive certain
information from cookies and pixel tags, including:
Internet protocol (IP) address
Website interactions and browsing history
Device information, such as location
For more information, please see the Cookies and Pixel
Tags section
Sensitive Personal Information:
For specific and limited purposes, L.L.Bean may request your
sensitive personal information. For example, in order to obtain a
firearm, L.L.Bean will need to collect your driver’s license
information. When you sign up for an overnight Outdoor Discover
Program or Kids’ Camp, we ask that you share relevant health
information. This sensitive personal information is collected solely
for the disclosed purpose. We do not use this information for other
purposes, such as marketing. We will not process sensitive personal
information without your advance consent (or, in the case of
children under 13, the consent of the child's parent or lawful
guardian).
Information obtained from third parties:
To correct and supplement our records, L.L.Bean obtains
information from third parties. Those third-party sources include
L.L.Bean's credit card issuer and data brokers.
L.L.Bean will also collect your information from a gift
giver when you are the gift recipient.
2. Why We Collect Your
Information
It’s necessary for us to collect certain information to
allow you to complete transactions and provide you with many
L.L.Bean features and services including:
Getting order status updates and tracking your packages
Submitting comments and questions
Reserving products at a store
Writing product reviews
Saving your purchase history
Maintaining a record of your purchases, when you
establish an online account
Returning or exchanging products and tracking your
returns
Recieving information about products you've purchased
(for example, in the case of a recall)
Registering for an Outdoor Discovery Program
Signing up for an event or other experience
Managing your online account (such as saving your
wishlist)
Recieving catalogs, promotional emails, and
notifications of upcoming events
Viewing advertisements that may be of interest to you
Receiving L.L.Bean® Mastercard® offers
We also use this information to personalize your experience
on our website and provide you with better services. We may also use
it to troubleshoot issues on the website.
For everyone's safety and security, we may also collect
information using surveillance cameras.
3. Sharing Your
Information
We sometimes use third parties to help us provide you with
the best services. When those third parties need your personal
information, we require that your privacy stays protected. These
services include:
Shipping
Name and address verification
Email and text distribution
Processing returns and exchanges
Surveys, market research, rating and reviews
Advertising and promotions
Fraud protection and investigation
Event and other experience planning, including
registration for an Outdoor Discovery Program
Payment processing (see PayPal's privacy policy at
paypal.com/privacy )
Managing and promoting the L.L.Bean® Mastercard®
Targeted advertising on other businesses’ platforms
(which may combine the information we share with information
already in their possession). These other businesses have
privacy policies of their own that apply to your use of their
platforms and may offer you choices about which ads you see.
Partnering with vendors such as Google Analytics to
understand what content, experiences, and promotions are most
relevant to you.
Learn
how Google
Analytics collects and processes data.
Sharing your information with other companies, via
databases, whose products or services may be of interest to you.
Shipping internationally. We partner with Borderfree,
sharing your order information only for the purpose of
fulfilling and shipping your order. Borderfree
will not use your information for any other purpose and will
process it according to their own privacy policy. Please
contact us
directly if you
have any
questions or concerns - we're happy to help.
General trouble shooting and technology report.
We may also share information in additional ways when
we disclose that purpose at the time of collection.
On rare occasions we may be required to share specific
information: some examples include:
To comply with applicable law or upon the government's
request
In response to a court order or subpoena
When we have a good faith belief that we are required
to do so by law, or where otherwise permitted by law
In connection with any merger, financing, acquisition,
or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale,
transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our
company or assets. If another company acquires our company or
assets, that company may possess the personal information
collected by us and will assume the consents and
responsibilities regarding your personal information.
To comply with state auditing reports.
Direct relationships:
Even though a third party may perform functions on behalf of
L.L. Bean, if you have a direct, independent relationship with a
third party, that business's use of your information may be governed
by its privacy policy based on its relationship with you (e.g. UPS).
A note on selling:
L.L. Bean does not sell personal information in the
traditional sense, in exchange for monetary compensation.
4. Cookies, Marketing Tags and
Other Technology
We gather information about how visitors navigate and use
our website to deliver more personalized experiences and improve
site performance, using tools such as “cookies”, “marketing tags”
and session replay software.
A cookie is a small data file stored by your web browser on
your computer. Session cookies are erased when you close the web
browser or browser tab. Persistent cookies remain on your computer’s
storage until they expire or are deleted.
Some cookies are necessary for our website to work properly
and enable you to place an item in your shopping bag or checkout.
Other cookies allow us to enhance or personalize your online
shopping experience. Please note, if you set your browser to refuse
all cookies, our website may not function properly, and you may need
to contact us for assistance placing an order.
Here are some examples of what cookies allow us to do:
Remember what items are in your shopping bag
Recognize you when you return to our website
Enable faster checkout if you have created an account
at llbean.com
Understand how you reached our website and which
products you’re looking for
Personalize your web experience
Apply the preferences you’ve chosen
We partner with vendors such as Google Analytics to
understand what content, experiences, and promotions are most
relevant to you. This information is used for:
Remarketing audiences based on specific behavior,
demographics, and interest data
Reports based on demographic and interest data
User segments based on demographic and interest data
Campaign Manager 360
Display & video 360
Search 360
You can opt out of Google Analytics Advertising Features by
adjusting the ad settings in
Google Analytics Advertising Features
or by
submitting a privacy request form
on our
site.
Some of our third-party vendors may also use cookies or
marketing tags on our website to help you enjoy a more personalized
shopping experience.
We also contract with other companies to publish L.L.Bean
ads across the internet. These companies collect information about
your visits to our website and share advertisements for products
you’re most likely to be interested in. These targeted
advertisements may appear on other sites that you visit. This
information is collected using a cookie or pixel tag – technology
used by most websites.
Certain technology used on our website allows us to view a customer’s visit to the site so we can troubleshoot and improve the site performance and experience as well as identify and reduce fraudulent activity.
Check out
Your Privacy Options
for
more information about managing your personal information. You can
also limit tracking by adjusting the settings in your web browser.
5. Your Marketing
Preferences
We're happy to honor changes or preferences you may have
regarding your information including:
Updating Your Information
You can update your name, address, telephone number, or
email address through
My Account
or by
contacting us . To protect your
privacy, we will confirm your identity before updating or reviewing
your information.
L.L.Bean Catalogs
You may change your catalog preferences through
My Account
or by
contacting us . Because catalogs
are planned in advance, you may still receive mailings after we
process your request.
L.L.Bean Emails
You may unsubscribe from our promotional emails using the
link provided at the bottom of each email, through
My Account ,
or by
contacting us . Because emails are
planned in advance, you may still receive mailings while we process
your request. To serve you best, you’ll continue to receive
important emails about recent transactions, including orders and
returns, even if you choose not to receive promotional emails.
6. Your Privacy Options
Your privacy options are important to us, and we strive to
be transparent about what information we collect, why we’re
collecting it, and what we do with it. We also work hard to honor
your preferences regarding this information.
Right to Opt-Out
You have the right to request that L.L.Bean stop sharing
your personal information with certain third parties that help us
distribute personalized advertising (targeted or behavioral
advertising) by submitting a
Privacy
Request Form .
Browser based opt-out signals, known as Universal Opt-Out
mechanism(s), are available to you to disable 3rd party cookies or
to prevent the sharing of personal information for targeted
advertising. These settings can be used when shopping on our site,
and many others, as a way to indicate your privacy intentions. Be
aware, if you turn off all cookies, our site won’t function
properly. To learn more about Global Privacy Control, visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
Right to Confirm and Access
You have the right to request a copy of the personal
information that L.L.Bean maintains in its records by sumbitting a
Privacy
Request Form .
Right to Correct
You have the right to correct inaccurate personal
information. You may make some changes through your online account,
or by submitting a
Privacy
Request Form .
Right to Appeal
Occasionally, L.L.Bean must deny a privacy request for a
specific reason, such as the information provided during identify
verification not matching the information stored in L.L.Bean’s
systems. This doesn’t happen often.
If you are a resident of CT, CO,
or VA, you have the
right to appeal if L.L.Bean denies your request. To appeal the
decision,
please submit a request to appeal
and we
will be happy to review the decision.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request deletion of your personal
information that we maintain, subject to certain exceptions, by submitting a
Privacy
Request Form . Please
be aware that deleting your information will remove your purchase
history from our customer service database and we will be unable to
provide you with records of proof of purchase.
Right to Not Be Discriminated Against
We will not discriminate against you for exercising one of
your privacy options by (i) denying a good or service to you; (ii)
charging you a different price or rate for a good or service; or
(iii) providing you a different level of quality of a good or
service.
Opt-Out Preference Signals
If you choose to enable an opt-out preference signal — a
browser setting indicating your intent to opt-out — that is widely
recognized and used by businesses, L.L.Bean will honor that choice
and stop processing your personal information for purposes of
targeted advertising. Presently, we are recognizing Global Privacy
Control, a browser-based opt-out preference signal. Learn more about
Global Privacy Control
(https://globalprivacycontrol.org) .
Please note:
We are legally required to comply with
certain state privacy laws. While we strive to honor all requests,
privacy laws differ from state-to-state. Depending on where you
live, some requests may take longer to fulfill than others. We also
may not handle each request in the same way, as we are obligated to
fulfill your request in compliance with the privacy laws of the
state in which you reside.
If you are a California resident, please see additional
information about your rights in Section 12 below. If you are a
Virginia resident, please see additional information about your
rights in Section 13 below.
7. Privacy of Children
We’re committed to protecting the rights of children. Our
website is not intended for use by children and is not directed
towards those under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect
personal information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are a
parent or guardian and think that we have unauthorized information
about your child who is younger than 16, please
contact us
so
we can help.
8. Links to Other
Websites
Occasionally we link to other websites and services. These
include nonprofits that we support, partners such as Hike it Baby,
or enabling you to save your True Fit account. These sites have
their own privacy and security policies. If you choose to navigate
to another website through our links or input your personal
information through these service offerings, we encourage you to
review their policies to learn how they use your information.
9. Information Security
We care greatly about the security of your information and
use a variety of Information Security technologies and processes to
protect it against loss, misuse, or unauthorized access. For
example, we use encryption or hashing when receiving or transmitting
your information. Read more about our
security
practices , which are consistent with retail industry
practices to mitigate risk.
We also encourage you to practice general internet safety
guidelines, such as choosing a strong password for your llbean.com
account, changing your password frequently, signing out of your
account, and closing your browser when you're finished.
Please note:
L.L.Bean will never ask you for your
password or credit card information over email.
10. Canadian Residents
If you are a resident of Canada and you would like to take
advantage of any of your rights under the Personal Information
Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), please
contact us
11. European Union
Residents
If you are a resident of the European Union, we ask that you
please shop via our international website at
global.llbean.com.
Your cookie preferences are specific to each L.L.Bean
website.
If you wish to take advantage of any of your rights related
to the European Union Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), such as the
Right to Erasure (otherwise known as the "Right to be Forgotten"),
please
complete this form.
If you feel we haven't appropriately responded to your
request related to the GDPR, please contact us at
dataprivacyofficer@llbean.com
or send mail to Data Protection Officer, Attn:Michael K. Mahoney, 15
Casco Street, Freeport, ME 04033.
12. California
Residents
This section supplements our Privacy Policy and applies
solely to individuals who are California residents and provides the
required information about the personal information L.L.Bean
collects, how this information may be used by L.L.Bean, your privacy
rights and our obligations in accordance with the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and the California Privacy
Rights Act of 2020 ("CPRA") and their implementing regulations.
You have the right to opt-out of L.L.Bean’s sale or
sharing of your personal information.
You have the right to request deletion of the
personal information collected or maintained by L.L.Bean. Please
note that deleting your information will remove your purchase
history from our records and we’ll be unable provide you with a
record of your purchases.
You have the right to request that L.L.Bean disclose
what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell (does
not apply if requested more than twice in a 12-month period),
including:
Categories of personal information we collected about you
Categories of sources from which we collected the personal information
Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling/sharing your
personal information
Categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information
Specific pieces of personal information we collected about you
In order to protect your information from unauthorized
correction, deletion or disclosure, we will verify your request
using three pieces of personal information that can be verified
against data previously collected from you and in our systems.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf (your
designated authorized agent), may make a verifiable consumer request related to
your personal information.
We will request your name, mailing address, and email address from you
in order to complete the verification process. We will also request some
additional information, such as: last item ordered, date of last order, total
dollar charge of last order, last item you returned, name of person you have
shipped to in the past, or a monogram you have placed on a recent order.
When it is not possible to match three pieces of personal information,
we may engage a third-party verification service to avoid fraudulent or
malicious intent
We will only use personal information provided to us for this purpose
to verify your identity or authority to make the request
When we are not able to verify your request, we must deny the request,
but will communicate the reason for such denial to you
We will not discriminate against you because you exercised
your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy.
For purposes of exercising your California rights in
addition to the information we provide throughout our Privacy
Policy, please note the specific categories of personal information
we collected and disclosed and the categories of third parties who
received the information in the preceding 12 months:
We collect the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers; personal information listed in the CA Customer Records statute
(such as payment information), characteristics of protected classifications
under California or federal law; commercial information; professional or
employment information; internet or other electronic network activity
information; geolocation data; audio, electronic, or visual information; sensory
data, such as audio and visual recordings; inferences drawn from other personal
information, such as: your preferences and behaviors.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for a
business purpose:
Identifiers; personal information listed in the CA
Customer Records statute (such as payment information); characteristics of
protected classifications under the California or federal law; commercial
information; internet or other electronic network activity information;
geolocation data; inferences drawn from other personal information, such as:
your preferences and behaviors.
We disclose personal information for a business purpose to the
following categories of Service Providers:
Shipping companies, shipment
processing companies, registration platforms, printing companies, event planners
and operators, data brokers, technology companies, cloud service providers,
analytics companies, fraud protection and investigation companies, payment
processors, credit card issuer, media companies/platforms.
Per the CCPA’s definition of sell and share, we sell or share the
following categories of personal information in order to deliver a more
personalized experience and to show you products that we think you’ll be
interested in:
Identifiers; commercial information; Internet or other
electronic network activity; geolocation data.
Per the CCPA’s definition of sell and share, we sell or share
personal information to the following categories of vendors:
Data
brokers, credit card issuer, and media companies/platforms.
L.L.Bean for Business Customers
To make a CCPA/CPRA request, please email
CRMDataSteward@llbean.com.
Employment Related Requests
To make a CCPA/CPRA request, please email
dataprivacyofficer@llbean.com.
Right to Know
If you’d like to make a Right to Know request,
click here
or contact us at
1-800-979-4288.
We will respond to a verifiable consumer request within
forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to
an additional 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and
extension period in writing. We will also explain the reasons we
cannot comply with a request, if applicable. You may make a Right to
Know request up to twice in a 12-month period. We will deliver our
written response by mail or through the OneTrust portal.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your Right
to Know request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly
unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will
tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost
estimate before completing your request.
Right to Delete
If you’d like to make a Right to Delete request,
click here
or contact us at
1-800-979-4288.
You have the right to request deletion of your personal
information that we collected or maintain, subject to certain
exceptions.
Impacts of deletion include:
Your purchase history will no longer be accessible
We will not be able to look up your transactions for
returns, previous gifts, or repairs
You will be required to provide a proof of purchase for
any future returns
You will no longer have access to your L.L.Bean account
at llbean.com
Please note, we will continue to maintain limited
information needed to comply with product recalls, fraud prevention,
and other legal and business requirements.
In order to delete your information, the following steps are
required by the law:
You submit a request to delete, and
We will separately confirm with you that you want your
information deleted.
If we are unable to verify a Request for Delete, your
request will be treated as a request to Opt-Out of the sale or
sharing of your personal information, and we will notify you.
Once we receive and confirm your deletion request, we will
delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal
information from our records, within 45 days, unless an exception
applies.
Right to Correct
If you’d like us to correct any inaccuracies in your
personal information, you have the right to request that we do so
(and instruct any service providers or contractors who maintain that
information for us to do so, also), taking into account the nature
of the personal information and the purposes of the processing. To
make a correction request,
click here
or call us at
1-800-979-4288.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
You have the right to
opt-out
of L.L.Bean’s “sale or sharing”
of your personal information as specifically defined by the CCPA and
CPRA. Please note that L.L.Bean does not sell your personal
information in the traditional sense (in exchange for money).
However, we may disclose your personal information to advertising
partners and this may constitute selling or sharing within the
meaning of California law.
Browser based opt-out signals, known as Universal Opt-Out
mechanism(s), are available to you to disable 3rd party cookies or
to prevent the sharing of personal information for targeted
advertising. These settings can be used when shopping on our site,
and many others, as a way to indicate your privacy intentions. Be
aware, if you turn off all cookies, our site won’t function
properly. To learn more about Global Privacy Control, visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ .
If you’d like to make a Do Not Sell or Share request,
click here
or contact us at
1-800-979-4288.
You have the right to direct us to not sell or share your
personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out").
We will process your Opt-Out request within 15 days and will
notify third parties of your request.
L.L.Bean may deny a request, if it is deemed fraudulent.
You may change your mind and opt back into personal
information sales or sharing at any time by
contacting
us .
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise
your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided
in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Authorized Agents
California residents may use an authorized agent to submit a
request to delete, a request to know, a request to correct, or a
request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of their personal
information.
To use an authorized agent, you must provide the agent with
signed permission to submit the request. An authorized agent should
submit requests
HERE
and should include proof of
signed permission from you to submit the request.
An authorized agent may also call our toll-free number,
1-800-979-4288, to submit a request. We may deny a request from an
agent that does not submit signed permission demonstrating that it
has been authorized by the California resident to submit the
request.
For requests to know, requests to delete, and requests to
correct, California residents may also be required to verify their
own identity to us and directly confirm that they have provided the
authorized agent permission to submit the request; however, this
requirement and the requirement that an authorized agent submit
proof of signed permission will not apply to California residents if
the California resident has provided the authorized agent with power
of attorney pursuant to Cal. Prob. Code Sections 4121 to 4130.
In addition, the requirement for an authorized agent to
obtain and provide written permission from the California resident
does not apply to requests made by an opt-out preference signal.
Financial Incentive Programs
Under the CCPA/CPRA, certain L.L.Bean programs may be
considered a Financial Incentive Program. This may include
promotional emails and the Bean Bucks associated with your
Mastercard. The personal information obtained relative to these
programs is directly related to the operation of the programs and
therefore the financial incentives are reasonably related to the
value of the data you provide.
L.L.Bean does not generally assign monetary value to
consumers’ personal information and our promotions activities change
regularly. To the extent the CCPA/CPRA requires that a value be
assigned to certain programs, the value of the data is dependent on
a number of variable factors including the value of the offer
combined with the type of information being collected, the expenses
associated with the offer and with the collection of the data, the
difference in revenue associated with the discounted merchandise,
the consumer’s level of engagement overtime and their purchase
history compared to those customers not participating in a specific
program.
L.L.Bean uses the information it collects as part of a
financial incentive program in the same way it uses personal
information collected in other ways, including for the purposes of
analytics and marketing. Consumers may opt-out of a financial
incentive program at any time.
Retention
L.L.Bean maintains the personal information it collects for
as long as it's required to serve the business purpose for which it
was collected. For example, L.L.Bean maintains your information for
customer service purposes, such as retaining your purchase history
indefinitely for the purposes of handling product recalls, or
maintaining data to analyze historical trends to better serve you.
Certain information is maintained for as long as it's legally
required.
13. Policy Changes
In order to stay current, we may periodically update and
revise this policy. We encourage you to check it occasionally for
updates and revisions. If our practices change, we will update this
Privacy Policy and notify you by updating the date above.
Change Country
Email Us
or Contact Us
1.207.552.3051
7 a.m - 11 p.m. (ET)
Email
or
Call
Customer Service
207-552-3051
Email
Help Center
Returns
Order Status
Shipping Information
Sizing Charts
Fit Guides
Monogramming
Product Services
My L.L.Bean Account
Ordering Information
Technical Information
Shipping
Shipping
Information
Guarantee
Our
Guarantee
Returns
Where's my order?
Track Order
Track Order
Gifts
Gift
Shop
About Us
L.L.Bean
Outside
Our
Company
Newsroom
Jobs
Recall and Safety Info
Get Exclusive Offers and Updates
Enjoy exclusive offers, the latest on products, and new ways to get outdoors.
Sign Up
Sign up for exclusive offers:
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map
L.L.Bean® is a registered trademark of L.L.Bean Inc. Copyright 2023
|
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map
Return To Top