Utah Medical Cannabis Pharmacy | Statewide Delivery | WholesomeCo
You must be at least 21 years old to
use our website I'm 21 or older I'm under 21 Remember me This is not a shared device By using our website, you agree to view medical cannabis content, pricing, and promotional discounts and incentives New
Introducing: Ritual. Premium flower for those with top tier taste.
Learn More
Open navigation
Open search modal
Open shopping bag
Shop All products Flower Vape Cartridges Edibles More categories Beverages Concentrates Tinctures Topicals Accessories Back Brands WholesomeCo
12% back Ritual
12% back Hilight
12% back High Variety
3% back Pure Plan
3% back
See all brands Back Effects Sleepy Pain relieving Energetic Happy Relaxed Creative Focused Calming Uplifted Hungry Alert Balanced Euphoric Mood elevating Sedated Back Specials Collections Learn Get your medical card Educational resources Patient Stories Where we deliver Blog Account Sign in Register as a patient Schedule a consultation Help Close the dialog Your bag Free delivery available statewide Your bag is empty Shop now Privacy Policy Last update: May 25th, 2022 Overview
This Privacy Policy describes how WholesomeCo ("We", “Us”) handles your personal information when you use our services (including our website and native apps, collectively known as the “Site”). When using our services, you agree to let us administer your data as we describe in this Privacy Policy.
We do not store personally identifiable information outside the physical borders of the United States. So, by using our services, you authorize Us to use your information according to United States laws.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
hello@wholesome.co .
Personal Information we collect
We strongly believe in collecting as little of your personal information as possible. However, in order to provide you with quality care we must collect some information about you and your medical card.
Account Data
What do we use it for?
Required?
Name
Identification, general communication
Y
Email
Identification, general communication and service updates
Y
Mobile number
Identification, general communication and service updates
Y
Current Medical Card Status
We use this to tailor your experience. For example, if you don’t currently have a medical card we can help you apply
N
Initial cannabis comfort level
We use this to tailor your experience. For example, if you’re new to cannabis we offer to provide detailed recommendations
N
Medical Card Data
What do we use it for?
Required?
Patient ID #
To verify the status of your medical card
Y
Date of birth
To verify the status of your medical card
Y
Doctor’s Name
State required
Y
Clinic Name
State required
Y
Street Address
We use the street address assigned to your medical card to show you the correct order availability and facilitate delivery
Y
Have you purchased at another Utah pharmacy
To verify whether or not you
must complete a first purchase consult with one of our pharmacists
N
Analytics
We use
Google Analytics , a popular web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how you use our services and enhance your online experience. We don’t send any personally identifiable information to Google Analytics.
How we use your information to:
Monitor and improve your experience using our Site
Communicate with you about your account, orders, and changes to our services
Communicate with you about products and promotions we believe you will be interested in, if you’ve opted into such program
Provide a personalized online experience
For testing, research, analysis, and product development in order to improve our products and services
Provide customer support
Facilitate the medical card application and renewal process
Prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses and to ensure the security of our Service
Sharing of information
We will not sell your personal information to third parties under any circumstance.
We share only necessary information with 3rd party vendors for the purposes described above, specifically to verify your medical card status, send marketing communications, and provide a personalized online experience.
In the event WholesomeCo is required to comply with law enforcement where subpoenas, warrants or other legal documents have been provided, valid under United States jurisdiction, the extent of disclosure is limited to the "Personal Information" listed within this Privacy Policy.
Links to other websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
We do not endorse or sponsor any other third-party websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party websites or services.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated notice on the Site and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy please email
hello@wholesome.co .
Close the dialog Close the dialog Close the dialog Start your wholesome
journey to wellness Pre-register now to verify your medical card and
place your first order Pre-register now Curious if cannabis is right for you? Schedule a free consultation Stay in the loop Sign up to receive the exclusive offers and discounts via sms & email.
Subscribe now Help Order history Re-schedule/cancel order Visit Help Center Chat with an agent More contact info Shop All products Brands Collections Specials Rewards Browse popular topics THC cartridges in Utah Buy Cannabis flower in Utah Top cannabis accessories Most affordable cannabis Best THC gummies Learn Get your Utah Medical Card Educational resources Patient stories How delivery works Where we deliver Blog Company Hours & location Jobs
© 2023 WholesomeCo
Return policy Delivery Policies
Stay in the loop Sign up to receive the latest news and exclusive offers. First name Last name Email Mobile phone number Zip code Sign me up By signing up you're agreeing to receive emails and text messages from WholesomeCo.