Privacy Policy CoinHELP! – COIN HelpU YouTube Channel
Skip to content
COIN HelpU YouTube Channel
Coin Values – Coin Price Guides
Menu
Buy Coins From Us
CoinHELP!
Coin Photo Grading
Mint Error Guides Images
Coin Quizzes
Gold Coin Value
Coin Help Community
Coin Grading Companies Data Base
Privacy Policy CoinHELP!
Privacy Policy for CoinHELP!
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at help@coinauctionshelp.com.
At
CoinHELP! , the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by
CoinHELP!
and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites,
CoinHELP!
makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
CoinHELP!
does not use cookies.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on
CoinHELP! . .:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to
CoinHELP!
and other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on
CoinHELP!
send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
CoinHELP!
has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.
CoinHELP! ’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
You can opt out of all communication with
CoinHELP!
simply by leaving this page.
Subscribe to our Youtube Channel Here
CoinHelpu Youtube
Cherry Picker’s Coins To Look For
Video Player https://youtu.be/vSZF34IdCTA 00:00 00:00 09:35 Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume.
Search for:
Visit Youtube Channel
Menu Buy Coins From Us
CoinHELP!
Coin Photo Grading
Mint Error Guides Images
Coin Quizzes
Gold Coin Value
Coin Help Community
Coin Grading Companies Data Base
Search for:
Buy Coins At Ebay
Half Cent
Large Cent
Small Cent
Two Cents
Three Cents Silver
Three Cents Nickel
Nickel
Dime
20 Cents
Quarter
Half Dollar
Large Dollar
Small Dollar
Gold Coins
Coin Collections
Mint Errors
Colonial
Commemorative
Mint Set
Proof Set
Bullion
Search for:
© 2023 COIN HelpU YouTube Channel
• Built with
GeneratePress
Go to mobile version