Privacy Policy - Foley Entertainment Group
Skip to content
Sports
Hospitality
Venues
Foundations
Search
Search
Toggle Menu
Privacy Policy
Updated October 20, 2023
Foley Entertainment Group LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates, a list of which you can find
here
(collectively “FEG” or “we” or “our”) want you to be familiar with how and why we collect, use and disclose information about you. Such information includes information or data that we collect through our websites (collectively, the “Sites” and each a “Site”), our mobile applications for use with IOS and Android, including, but not limited to, out KnightTime+ mobile application, (our “Apps”) or your use of our Guest WiFi, (collectively, our “Online Services”) and in connection with the operation of our business and the offering of our products and services. Some of this information may individually identify you or your household. This Privacy Policy explains our information practices with respect to the information collected and the choices you can make about the collection, access and use of your information.
This Privacy Policy also applies to our targeted content, including online offers and advertisements for our and our affiliates’ products and services, which we (or a service provider acting on our behalf) may send to you on our or our affiliates’ or third party websites, platforms and applications (collectively, “Third Party Sites”) based on your use of the Internet. These Third Party Sites may have their own privacy policies and terms and conditions. We encourage you to read each such privacy policy and terms and conditions before using those Third Party Sites. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit
http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/
or
http://optout.aboutads.info
to manage your preferences. Alternatively, if you are located in a European country, you may visit
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . Please note that you may continue to receive generic ads.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the websites, apps, or services of the National Hockey League and NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises, LLC (collectively, “NHL”), any of the other member clubs of the NHL (“NHL Member Clubs”), American Hockey League (“AHL”), any of the other member clubs of the AHL (“AHL Member Clubs”), The Football Association Premier League Limited (the “Premier League”), any of the other member clubs of the Premier League (the “Premier League Clubs”), Indoor Football League (the “IFL”), any of the other IFL member teams (the “IFL Teams”) or our other business partners, which are governed by their own privacy policies. Further, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal information collected from or about any of our or our affiliates’ employees, job applicants or individual independent contractors. Personal information collected from any such individuals will be protected by our employment policies and handbook.
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy, ensuring that your personal information is protected and complying with all United States (“U.S.”) federal and state laws, as well as international laws, applicable to our processing of personal information.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Services, purchase our goods or services, provide us with your personal information, or otherwise interact with us. By accessing or using any of our Services, providing us with personal information, purchasing our goods or services, or otherwise interacting with us, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Changes in Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of any of our Online Services, any purchases of or interactions with our other products or services, provision of your personal information, or other interactions with us after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
Underage Persons
All of our Online Services are not intended for persons under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on our Online Services. We do not knowingly collect, sell or share personal information from persons under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on our Online Services or on or through on or through any of its/their features and functionality, use or make any purchases through our Online Services, use any of the interactive or public comment features of our Online Services or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a person under 16, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a person under 16, please contact us either (i) by email at
privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com
or (ii) by telephone at 833-674-7850.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE USE IT?
We collect information: (i) by which you may be personally identified, such as name, birthdate, age, postal address, e-mail address telephone number, veteran status, personal preferences, credit card information, including billing address, or any other identifiers by which you may be contacted online or offline; (ii) that is about you or your household but individually does not identify you, such as IP address or other online identifiers; and (iii) about your or your household’s internet connection, the equipment you or members of your household use to access our Online Services and usage details (collectively, “Personal Information”).
We may receive additional Personal Information about you from the NHL, NHL Member Clubs, AHL, AHL Member Clubs, Premier League, Premier League Clubs, IFL, IFL Teams or from our other business partners. We may also receive information about you if you connect with social networking services while using our Online Services.
FEG collects and processes Personal Information solely to the extent (i) that it has a legitimate, lawful basis for processing and (ii) that such Personal Information is relevant to the purposes for which it was collected or disclosed.
In particular, we process Personal Information for the specific purposes listed below. The following explains which Personal Information we collect for each purpose, the exact nature of the purpose, the length such data is stored, the basis for collection, and any further relevant information. FEG will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collected for additional purposes without providing you notice. We do not retain Personal Information for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
A. Surfing on our Sites or Using Online Services
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?
For this purpose, we process only the Personal Information that is mandatory for your use of our Sites including the following: information about the type of browser you use, the size of the browser window, the screen resolution, the URL of the page that you are viewing, whether or not your browser has Java enabled, what version of certain software your browser uses, the language settings from your browser and information related to your visit to our Sites and our affiliated websites, including our streaming service providers’ websites, which information may include, but is not limited to, the webpages you visit, the time when you visit a webpage, the length of the visit and information about other activities you engage in while on the website(s). This Personal Information constitutes internet and other similar network activity, as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION
Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?
We (and third party service providers acting on our behalf or on their own behalf) use this Personal Information to operate our Sites and to allow you to visit those Sites. Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers.  When our Online Services receive a DNT code, except in the case of certain scenarios where a user actively and knowingly provides Personal Information (e.g. contact forms), our Online Services do track your activities within or across our websites and our affiliated websites, including our streaming service providers’ websites, but our Online Services will not track your use across multiple unaffiliated websites.  Other websites (including, without limitation, websites of certain of our affiliates, third party providers and other business partners) to which we link, or to which you visit, may continue to track you.  When our Online Services receive web requests from a user who enables DNT by actively choosing an opt-out setting in the user’s browser, we will also take reasonable efforts to disable tracking cookies/scripts (e.g., Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Facebook, Twitter and/or other third party scripts).
How long do we store your Personal Information?
We store your Personal Information for up to thirteen (13) months (depending upon the type of technology used to collect such Personal Information) after you provide the Personal Information to us, unless we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?
The processing of this Personal Information is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating our business and providing our products and services to consumers.
B.
Contact to Deal with Requests, Provide Information about, and Support for, Our Products, Services or Promotions, Support Your Use of our Online Services, Participate in our Mail Lists, Newsletters, Promotions, or Surveys and/or Provide News Releases
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?
For this purpose, we process the following Personal Information: your first and last names, postal address, your email address and your purchases or preferences. This Personal Information constitutes identifiers, California customer records personal information, commercial information, and inferences, as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION
Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?
We process your Personal Information whenever you contact us in order to respond to your inquiries and comments. We process your Personal Information to provide you with the information that you request from us, including responding to your queries or comments, providing support for our products and services, and sending you products, services or samples that you have requested. We process your Personal Information when you log onto or use our Online Services. Additionally, we process your Personal Information for your participation and receipt of our mailings based upon our mailing lists, promotional materials, newsletters, surveys and other new releases. We also look at the products you have viewed on our Online Services to better serve your interests and needs.
How long do we store your Personal Information?
We store your Personal Information for the period during which you have an account with any of our Online Services or participate in our mailing lists, promotions, surveys or newsletters (as applicable) plus five (5) years or if you do not have an account participate in any such activities, then we store your Personal Information for five (5) years from your last interaction with us, unless we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?
Performance of the contract with, or requested by, you and/or and the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating our business and providing our products and services to consumers. If you wish to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your preferences by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in the emails that we send to you or by contacting us at
privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com .
C.
Purchases of Tickets, Products or Services, Provide our Online Services, Registering at a Hotel Property, Participate in a Function, Game or other Event, Create any Account or Participate in a Season Ticket or Loyalty Program
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?  For this purpose, we process the following Personal Information: your first and last names, your postal address, your email address, your birthdate, your credit/debit card or other payment information, and information about your purchases and preferences.  This Personal Information constitutes identifiers, California customer records personal information, financial information, commercial information, and inferences, as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?  We process your Personal Information in order to facilitate your purchases, registering you at the hotel and facilitating the services related to your stay at the hotel or attendance at a function, game or other event, creating, using and maintaining your account, facilitating your participation in one or more of our season ticket or other loyalty programs and all related communications.
How long do we store your Personal Information?  We store your Personal Information for so long as you maintain an account with any of our Online Services, participate in a season ticket or other loyalty program plus five (5) years or if you have no account, do not participate in a season ticket or loyalty program, then we store your Personal Information for five (5) years after the given transaction, unless we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?   Performance of a contract and the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating our business and providing our products and services to consumers.
D.
Improving Our Existing Products and Services and Developing New Products and Services
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?  For this purpose, we process the following Personal Information: your first and last names, your postal address, your email address, information about your purchases and preferences and information related to your use and purchasing of our products and services, including our Online Services.   This Personal Information constitutes identifiers, California customer records personal information, commercial information, and inferences, as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?  We process your Personal Information in order to improve our products and services, including our Online Services and create or develop new products and services, including new Online Services.
How long do we store your Personal Information?  We store your Personal Information for so long as you maintain an account with any of our Online Services, participate in a season ticket or other loyalty program plus five (5) years or if you have no account and do not participate in a season ticket or other loyalty program, then we store your Personal Information for five (5) years after your last interaction with us, unless we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?   Performance of a contract and the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating our business, improving our existing products and services and developing new products and services.
E.
To Market, Promote or Advertising Our Own and Third Party Products and Services
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?
For this purpose, we process the following Personal Information: your first and last names, postal address, your email address and your purchases or preferences. This Personal Information constitutes identifiers, California customer records personal information, commercial information, and inferences, as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION
Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?  We process your Personal Information in order to market, promote and advertise our own products and services and the products and services of third parties, including the NHL, the NHL Member Clubs, the AHL, the AHL Member Clubs, Premier League, Premier League Clubs, IFL, IFL Teams, and our other business partners.  We also look at the products and services you have viewed, purchased and used on our Online Services to better market, promote and advertise our and third parties’ goods and services to you.
How long do we store your Personal Information?  We store your Personal Information until you opt out of our marketing and promotions, unless we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?  Your consent through our marketing opt-in procedures, your consent and our legitimate interests in operating our business and providing our products and services to consumers.  If you wish to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your preferences by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in the emails that we send to you or by contacting us at  privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com . California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia residents have additional rights with regard to marketing, promotions and advertising as outlined in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
F.
Performance of Relevant Administrative Services Requested or Necessary to Facilitate our Relationship
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?  For this purpose, we process the following Personal Information: your first and last names, your address, your email address and, to the extent applicable to the situation, your criminal or credit history. This Personal Information constitutes identifiers, as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?  We will process your Personal Information for the purposes of performing administrative services requested or necessary to facilitate our relationship (e.g., facilitating payments or deliveries of products, services, information or materials) or to fulfill requests you have made (e.g., registration).
How long do we store your Personal Information?  We store your Personal Information for so long as you maintain an account with any of our Online Services, participate in a season ticket or other loyalty program plus five (5) years or if you have no account, do not participate in a season ticket or other loyalty program, then for five (5) years after you provide the Personal Information to us, unless we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?  Performance of the contract with, or request by, you and the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in protecting our business, products, services or a person or property or to defend ourselves against claims or potential claims.
G.
Manage and Support our Business Operations
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?  For this purpose, we process the following Personal Information: your first and last names, your address, your email address and your purchases and preferences. This Personal Information constitutes identifiers, California customer records personal information, commercial information, and inferences, as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?  We will process your Personal Information for the purposes of developing and operating financial/credit/conduct and risk models, conduct internal analysis of customers, plan strategy and growth, collate reports, manage information to support our business operations.
How long do we store your Personal Information?  We store your Personal Information for so long as you maintain an account with any of our Online Services, participate in a season ticket or other loyalty program plus five (5) years or if you have no account, do not participate in a season ticket or other loyalty program, then for five (5) years after you provide the Personal Information to us, unless we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?  Processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating our business and providing our products and services to consumers.
H.
Respond to Consumer Complaints and Reports of Business Concerns
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?  For this purpose, we process the following Personal Information: your first and last names, your postal address, your email address and relevant information about (i) the complaint or business concern, (ii) the situation or circumstances giving rise to the complaint or business concern and/or (iii) any other Personal Information that you volunteer in your report or follow up communications. This Personal Information constitutes identifiers and may include California customer records personal information, commercial information, and other Personal Information, including, without limitation, Personal Information that may be considered “sensitive” (e.g., information on your health or ethnic origin) (“Sensitive Personal Information”), as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?  We will process your Personal Information for the purposes of responding to any consumer complaints or responding to reports from consumers about business concerns related to our businesses and operations.
How long do we store your Personal Information?  We store your Personal Information for the period during which the complaint or business concern is being handled plus three (3) years, unless (i) we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law or (ii) unless we reasonably anticipate litigation with regard to the matter in which case we would retain relevant Personal Information until such time as the litigation is concluded or is no longer reasonably anticipated.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?  Our basis for processing is your consent with regard to Personal Information you volunteer with regard to your complaint or business concern and a legal obligation to which we are subject.
I.
Prevention of Harm to Us, Our Products or Services or a Person or Property (e.g., Fraud and Other Illegal Activity Prevention), Defend Ourselves against Claims or Potential Claims or Enforce our Contracts
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?  For this purpose, we process the following Personal Information: your first and last names, your address, your email address, your criminal or credit history and relevant information about (i) the harm or potential harm or illegal activity, (ii) the claim or potential claim or illegal activity or (iii) the situation or circumstances giving rise to harm, potential harm, claim or potential claim or illegal activity. This Personal Information constitutes identifiers and may include California customer records personal information, commercial information, and other Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information, as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?  We will process your Personal Information for the purposes of preventing harm to FEG or any of its affiliates, their products or services or to any person or property (e.g., fraud prevention or other illegal activity) and/or in the bringing or prosecution of a claim or potential claim against you.  This includes our efforts to implement, maintain and modify our information systems, networks and cybersecurity protections. In addition, we may process your Personal Information for the purposes of defending FEG and/or its affiliates against claims or potential claims made against one or more of them or enforcing any contracts between you and any of the FEG companies or terms of service/use with regard to any of our products or services, including our Online Services.
How long do we store your Personal Information?  We store your Personal Information for three (3) years after you provide the Personal Information to us, unless (i) we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law or (ii) unless we reasonably anticipate litigation with regard to the matter in which case we would retain relevant Personal Information until such time as the litigation is concluded or is no longer reasonably anticipated.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?  Our basis for processing is (i) a legal obligation to which we are subject or (ii) the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in protecting our business, products, services or a person or property or to defend ourselves against claims or potential claims.
J.
Communicate with You regarding Our Privacy Policy or Otherwise
Which Personal Information do we collect about you?  For this purpose, we process the following Personal Information: your first and last names, your email address and your postal address. This Personal Information constitutes identifiers, as described in the
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
What is the Purpose of Processing your Personal Information?  We process your Personal Information whenever there are material changes to our Privacy Policy for the purposes of informing you of those material changes (to the extent we are legally required to do so), obtaining your consent, when and if necessary, and otherwise communicating with you about your Personal Information.
How long do we store your Personal Information?  We store your Personal Information for so long as we are processing your Personal Information, unless we are required by law to store the Personal Information for a longer period  in which case we store the Personal Information for the period required by applicable law.
What is the Basis for Processing your Personal Information?   Performance of the contract with, or request by, you and our legitimate interests in operating our business and complying with our legal obligations. If your consent was initially required, then your consent is the basis for this processing.
There are additional disclosures for California, Colorado, Virginia, Connecticut and Utah residents in the  SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
HOW DO WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We engage other companies, including, without limitation, our affiliates and subsidiaries (“Agents”), to perform certain services on our behalf.  We may disclose Personal Information with these Agents to perform the services, and, in fulfillment of the services, these Agents may disclose Personal Information collected on our behalf with us. Pursuant to written agreements with these Agents, which agreements afford appropriate, and all required, protections of your Personal Information, we use these Agents to provide the following services on our behalf:
email and other information technology services;
other products and services used in the operation of our businesses, including our Online Services;
business partners and sports leagues including the NHL, NHL Member Clubs, the AHL, the AHL Member Clubs, Premier League, Premier League Clubs, IFL, and IFL Teams;
advertising, promotional and marketing providers and partners, including fulfilment providers, sponsors, broadcast partners, retail licensees and concessionaires;
consumer relations, including consumer complaint response services;
professional services provided to us, including financial services, accounting services and legal representation, including with regard to prevention harm to our company, its affiliates and subsidiaries, our products or services or a person or property (e.g., fraud or other illegal activity prevention);
third parties when required or permitted by law; and
third parties when we are fulfilling the purpose for which you provide it (e.g., if you give us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of one of our Sites, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients).
All of our Agents are bound by contract to refrain from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the applicable service to us. We are liable to you for our Agents’ appropriate processing of your Personal Information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable data privacy laws and regulations.
As described above, we use Agents to manage our advertising on other websites. These Agents may use cookies, tracking pixels or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. Any Personal Information gathered by these Agents is not provided by the Agents to FEG.  It is only used by the applicable Agent pursuant to its own privacy policies.  If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit  http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/  or  http://optout.aboutads.info   to manage your preferences. Alternatively, if you are located in a European country, you may visit  http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . Please note that you may continue to receive generic ads.
In addition to disclosures described above, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, spin-off, sale of company assets, product lines or divisions, any financing or any similar transaction.
We may also disclose Personal Information to prevent damage or harm to us, our products or services or any person or property or if we believe that disclosure is required to meet national security or law enforcement requirements or is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of any of companies, our customers, or others. If required, we may also disclose Personal Information to any governmental entity, including any central government or local council, for the purpose of carrying out such governmental entity’s, government’s or local council’s statutory duties, ensuring safety through the SAG (Safety Advisory Group) and ensuring that the applicable FEG Affiliate club(s) and council(s) have a valid and effective safety policy and certificate. We will disclose Personal Information in response to a lawful request by public authorities or to otherwise comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request. Additionally, we will disclose Personal Information to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not otherwise disclose Personal Information to any third parties unless you have been provided with an opportunity to opt in to such disclosure.
When FEG transfers Personal Information to countries other than the country where it was provided, we do so in compliance with applicable data privacy or data protection laws and/or regulations, including, as applicable, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), the European Union retained law version of the GDPR (as adopted by the United Kingdom (the “U.K.”)) and the U.K. Data Protection Act 2018 (c.12) (collectively, the “U.K. Data Protection Laws”), Switzerland’s Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”) and/or the standard contractual clauses or any variation thereof that is required, as a result of any change or difference in applicable data protection law(s) or regulation(s) or a change in a decision of a competent authority under any applicable data privacy or data protection law or regulation, to allow such transfers to be made (or continue to be made) without breach of any applicable data privacy or data protection law or regulation, (collectively, the “Standard Contractual Clauses”). We may transfer Personal Information from persons outside of the U.S. to affiliates or other third parties located either in the U.S. or otherwise; provided that such transfers to the U.S. or other countries from any of the European Economic Area (the “E.E.A.”) member states, the U.K. or Switzerland will comply, as applicable, with the GDPR, U.K. Data Protection Laws, FADP, and/or the Standard Contractual Clauses in all respects.
There are additional disclosures for California, Colorado, Virginia, Connecticut and Utah residents in the  SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We may incorporate content, advertising, and functionality on our Services provided by unaffiliated third-party providers, who, for example, may provide contests or sweepstakes, transaction processing, online ads, technology, analytics or user tracking services on our Services. These third parties may collect or receive information about your use of our Services through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. Their use of this information may be subject to privacy policies other than this Privacy Policy.
Our Services may also provide social media integration services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, and Google+, which may enable you to log in, share and comment on certain Services or content on our Services. If you choose to use social media integration services, the social media services may notify your friends and other connections that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services. We may also receive information about you that you have made available to those social media services, which information we may use pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
Our Online Services may contain links to the websites of our subsidiaries and affiliates (some of which do not fall under the jurisdiction of the GDPR, the U.K. Data Protection Laws and/or the FADP) and to websites that are owned and operated by third parties.  These other websites may have their own privacy policies and are not governed by this Privacy Policy.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites owned and operated by any such third parties. Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently.
NHL.com, NHL.TV, theAHL.com, WatchtheAHL.com, PremierLeague.com, GoIFL.com, Flashseats.com, AXS.com, Ticketmaster.com and other related services may be accessed via links from our Services. If you create or log into your account on any of these websites or another account while visiting our Services, you may be “signed in” or “logged on” to your account while visiting our Services. As a result, the NHL, the AHL, the Premier League, the IFL and/or their respective affiliates or account operators may be able to collect certain information about your use of our Online Services, which they may use in accordance with their privacy policies. Likewise, we may receive certain information from NHL the AHL, the Premier League, the IFL and/or their respective affiliates or service providers, which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The information may include name; username; contact information; type of subscription; type of device used to access content; and time, date and duration of activity.
YOUR RIGHTS WITH REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
As provided under applicable data privacy or data protection laws or regulations, you may have the following rights with regard to your Personal Information: (i) the right to access and know; (ii) the right to rectification (i.e., correction); (iii) the right to erasure (i.e., deletion); (iv) the right to restrict processing; (v) the right to object to processing; (vi) the right to opt out of certain processing; (vii) the right to data portability; and (viii) the right to withdraw consent. If you have such rights, you may exercise any of these rights by contacting us at
privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com .
You may also have the right to lodge your complaints with the applicable legal authorities, including, without limitation, the applicable E.U. supervisory authority(ies), the U.K. Information Commissioner, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, and the California Privacy Protection Agency.
FEG will respond to your requests in accordance with, and within the appropriate timeframe determined by, the applicable law governing the use of the given Personal Information. In most cases, FEG will respond to requests within one month; provided, however, if the request is complex, FEG may extend its response time in accordance with applicable law.
There are additional disclosures for California, Colorado, Virginia, Connecticut and Utah residents in the  SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION  Section below.
SPECIAL U.S. PRIVACY INFORMATION
Some of the Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information we collect information constitutes “personal information” or “sensitive personal information” under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”) or “personal data” or “sensitive data” under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“ColoPA”), the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Information Privacy and Online Monitoring (“CTDPA”), Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”), or other similar state laws.
In particular, within the last twelve (12) months, we collected (whether directly, indirectly (e.g., by observing your actions on the Online Services) or from third parties) the categories of Personal Information, which constitute “personal information” or “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA and CPRA or “personal data” or “sensitive data” under the VCDPA, ColoPA, CTDPA, UCPA or other similar state laws, listed in the table below. Any such collection has been for of the purposes included in the appropriate section of the
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE USE IT?
Section above.
PERSONAL INFORMATION CATEGORY EXAMPLES COLLECTED IN PAST TWELVE MONTHS DISCLOSED FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE SOLD OR SHARED FOR CROSS-CONTEXT BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING Identifiers A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. Yes Yes Sold and Shared California Customer Records personal information A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Yes Some, but not all Sold and Shared
PERSONAL INFORMATION CATEGORY EXAMPLES COLLECTED IN PAST TWELVE MONTHS DISCLOSED FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE SOLD OR SHARED FOR CROSS-CONTEXT BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING Identifiers A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. Yes Yes Sold and Shared California Customer Records personal information A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Yes Some, but not all Sold and Shared Protected classification characteristics under state or federal law Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or genetic information (including familial genetic information). Yes Some, but not all Sold and Shared Commercial information Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Yes Yes Sold and Shared Biometric information Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. No No Not Sold or Shared Internet or other similar network activity Browsing history, search history, or information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. Yes Yes Not Sold but Shared Geolocation data Physical location or movements. Does not include precise geolocation, which is Sensitive Personal Information. Yes Yes Not Sold but Shared Sensory data Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. Yes No Not Sold or Shared Professional or employment-related information Current or past job history or performance evaluations. No No Not Sold or Shared Non-public education information Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. No No Not Sold or Shared Inferences drawn from other personal information Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Yes Yes Not Sold but Shared
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION CATEGORY EXAMPLES COLLECTED DISCLOSED FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE SOLD OR SHARED FOR CROSS-CONTEXT BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING Government identifiers Social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number Yes Yes Not Sold or Shared Complete account access credentials User names, account numbers, or card numbers combined with required access/security code or password No No Not Sold or Shared Precise geolocation N/A No No Not Sold or Shared Racial or ethnic origin N/A No No Not Sold or Shared Religious or philosophical beliefs   N/A No No Not Sold or Shared Union membership N/A No No Not Sold or Shared Genetic data N/A No No Not Sold or Shared Mail, email, or text messages contents not directed to us N/A No No Not Sold or Shared Unique identifying biometric information N/A No No Not Sold or Shared Health, sex life, or sexual orientation information N/A Yes Yes Not Sold or Shared
For the purposes of this Section, Personal Information does not include publicly available information from government records, lawfully obtained, truthful information that is a matter of public concern, deidentified or aggregated consumer information or information specifically excluded from the scope of applicable data protection laws, such as health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data or other biomedical research study or personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), the Federal Farm Credit Act of 1971, and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
FEG obtains the categories of Personal Information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Automatically as you navigate through the Online Services.
From third parties, including, our business partners, including, the NHL, NHL Member Clubs, the AHL, and the AHL Member Clubs,
service providers, and affiliates.  These service providers include, but are not limited to, data providers, data brokers and data aggregators.
We disclosed this Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information for a business purpose to the following categories of third party Agents:
email and other information technology services;
other products and services used in the operation of our businesses, including our Online Services;
business partners and sports leagues including the NHL, NHL Member Clubs, the AHL, and the AHL Member Clubs;
advertising, promotional and marketing providers and partners, including fulfilment providers, sponsors, broadcast partners, retail licensees and concessionaires;
consumer relations, including consumer complaint response services;
professional services provided to us, including financial services, accounting services and legal representation, including with regard to prevention harm to our company, its affiliates and subsidiaries, our products or services or a person or property (e.g., fraud or other illegal activity prevention);
third parties when required or permitted by law; and
third parties when we are fulfilling the purpose for which you provide it (e.g., if you give us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of one of our Sites, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients).
We may also disclose Personal Information, if required, to any governmental entity, including any central government or local council, for the purpose of carrying out such governmental entity’s, government’s or local council’s statutory duties, ensuring safety through the SAG (Safety Advisory Group) and ensuring that the applicable FEG Affiliate club(s) and council(s) have a valid and effective safety policy and certificate.
We may disclose, sell or share ticketing and other information about you with the NHL, NHL Member Clubs, AHL, AHL Member Clubs or our other business partners. For example, we may disclose, sell or share ticketing and other information about you with the NHL, or other NHL Member Clubs, including so that they can conduct analysis to better understand NHL fans and fan engagement across the NHL, including the other NHL Member Clubs. NHL may also use and share insights to enable the NHL, including its other NHL Member Clubs, to customize and improve their services, advertising and communications. As used herein, “share” refers to sharing for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising or targeted advertising, as contemplated under applicable law, such as the CPRA, VCDPA, ColoPA, CTDPA, and UCPA.  To opt-out of the selling and/or sharing of your information, please click
https://www.foleyentertainmentgroup.com/opt-out .
We may disclose, sell or share your personal information with our streaming service providers and other business partners. For example, we may disclose, sell or share your information about you with our streaming service providers and other business partners who will present advertisements or otherwise market goods and services to you based upon the personal information you have provided. As used herein, “share” refers to sharing for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising or targeted advertising, as contemplated under applicable law, such as the CPRA, VCDPA, ColoPA, CTDPA, and UCPA.  To opt-out of the selling and/or sharing of your information, please click
https://www.foleyentertainmentgroup.com/opt-out .
As applicable, certain state privacy laws, such as the CCPA, CPRA, ColoPA, VCDPA, CTDPA, and UCPA provide their residents, respectively, with specific rights regarding their Personal Information.
A.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights.   You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information. Once we receive and verify your request (please see Subsection  Exercising Access, Data Portability, Correction, and Deletion Rights  below for more information), we will disclose to you, as applicable:
The categories of Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing that Personal Information and/or Sensitive Personal Information.
We do not sell any Sensitive Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose that Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
the Personal Information categories that we sold and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to whom we sold that particular category of Personal Information (we do not sell any Sensitive Personal Information); and
the Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information categories that we disclosed for a business purpose and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that particular category of Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information.
B.
Correct Specific Information.   You may have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information about you. Once we receive and verify your request (please see Subsection  Exercising Access, Data Portability, Correction, and Deletion Rights  below for more information), we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the information to comply with your request. This right is not afforded to residents of Utah.
C.
Deletion Request Rights .
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your request (please see Subsection
Exercising Access, Data Portability, Correction, and Deletion Rights
below for more information), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. In responding to your request, we will inform you whether or not we have complied with the request, and, if we have not complied, provide you with an explanation as to why.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us, or our service provider(s), to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Help to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for those purposes.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his/her free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
D.
Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
You may have the right, at any time, to direct FEG to limit our use and disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information to use which is necessary for certain purposes enumerated in applicable law (“Enumerated Purposes”).  To the extent we use or disclose your Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than the Enumerated Purposes (described below), you have the right to limit such use or disclosure. Currently, we do not use Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than the Enumerated Purposes.  To the extent applicable, you may also have the right to withdraw consent you provided for our use and disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information.
The Enumerated Purposes include the following:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services.
To detect security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information, including Sensitive Personal Information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
For short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of a consumer’s current interaction with us, provided that we will not disclose the Sensitive Personal Information, to another third party and will not use it to build a profile about the consumer or otherwise alter the consumer’s experience outside the current interaction with us.
To perform services on behalf of us, such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on behalf of our business.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
E.
Personal Information Salesand Sharing Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights.
Pursuant to applicable law, you have the right to direct us to not sell or share your Personal Information at any time (the “right to opt-out”).
We do not sell any Sensitive Personal Information.
We do not actual knowledge that we sell or share the Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age. We do not sell or share the Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age.
To exercise the right to opt-out of the sales and/or sharing of your Personal Information, you (or your authorized agent) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:
https://www.foleyentertainmentgroup.com/opt-out/
You may also exercise the right to opt-out using an opt-out preference signal in a format commonly used and recognized by businesses, such as through an HTTP header field. When we receive an opt-out preference signal, we will treat it as a valid request to opt-out of the sales and/or sharing for that browser or device sending the signal, and, if known, for the consumer.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize Personal Information sales or sharing. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to Personal Information sales or sharing at any time by:
Calling us at                      833-674-7850
Emailing us at
privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com
Mailing a request to
Foley Entertainment Group, LLC
Attn: Legal Department
1701 Village Center Circle, Suite 100
Las Vegas, NV 89134
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use Personal Information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
F.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, Correction and Deletion Rights.   To exercise the access, data portability, correction, and deletion rights described above, please submit a consumer request to us through one of the following:
Calling us at                      833-674-7850
Emailing us at
privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com
Mailing a request to
Foley Entertainment Group, LLC
Attn: Legal Department
1701 Village Center Circle, Suite 100
Las Vegas, NV 89134
When you use a request method above, we will request certain information for verification purposes, such as your name, address, and e-mail address. We will use this information to verify this is a permitted request, such as by matching your name and address with information in our records. Depending on the type of request, we may require a certain number of data points to allow for verification.
Only you, or a person properly authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
An authorized agent may make a request on your behalf using the request methods designated above. Additionally, if you use an authorized agent to submit a consumer request, we may require the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
You may only make a consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized agent of such person.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision. Further, if you appeal and your appeal is denied, you may the right to complain to your state’s attorney general. You may appeal your decision by contacting us at
privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com . For instructions on exercising sharing opt-out rights, see
Personal Information Sharing Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights .
G.
Response Timing and Format.   In accordance with applicable law, we endeavor to respond to consumer requests within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 45 additional days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. We will also notify your account following the correction of inaccurate information, or the deletion of Personal Information.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
H.
Non-Discrimination .
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. Unless permitted by applicable laws, in connection with you exercising your rights, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by applicable laws that can resultin different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any legally-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Information’s value to us and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
I.
Other California Privacy Rights.
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make these requests, please send an email to  privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com
or by mail to Foley Entertainment Group, LLC, Attn: Legal Department, 1701 Village Center Circle, Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89134.
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
FEG maintains reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to help protect against loss, misuse, and alteration of Personal Information collected and processed by FEG. However, information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems attached to the Internet is not 100% secure. As a result, we do not ensure, warrant or guarantee the security or integrity of such information.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
FEG commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your Personal Information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact FEG’s Privacy Personnel at
privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com
or by mail to Foley Entertainment Group, LLC, Attn: Legal Department, 1701 Village Center Circle, Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89134.  To the extent applicable, you may also have the right to lodge your complaints with the applicable legal authorities, including, without limitation, the applicable E.U. supervisory authority(ies), the U.K. Information Commissioner, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, and the California Privacy Protection Agency.
CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time.  To the extent required by applicable law, FEG will contact individuals whose Personal Information is within the scope of such law and then currently being processed by FEG to obtain prior affirmative express consent to any material changes to how we collect, use, process, and/or share such individual’s Personal Information or to this Privacy Policy.  Otherwise, it is our policy to post any changes we make to this Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on the Sites. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Sites and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND WHEN WE ASK FOR YOUR CONSENT
By using our Online Services, providing us with Personal Information, purchasing our goods or services, or otherwise interacting with us, you acknowledge that we are processing your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  It is our policy to post any changes we make to this Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on the Website. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
We process your Personal Information as described above. In certain instances, we only process your Personal Information if you have consented (for example, in cases where we process your Personal Information for job applications or seeking employment). Where we process your Personal Information on the basis of your consent, we will ask for your consent explicitly but, in some cases and only where permitted by applicable law, we may infer in a transparent manner consent from your actions. We may also ask you to provide additional consent if we need to use your Personal Information for purposes not covered by this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
Phone :                        833-674-7850
Email :
privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com
Postal Address :
Foley Entertainment Group, LLC
Attn: Legal Department
1550 S. Pavilion Center Drive
Las Vegas, NV 89135
If you are a resident of a European country and you believe we maintain your Personal Information, you may direct any questions or complaints to FEG’s Data Privacy Officers, whose contact details are as follows:
Data Privacy Officers
Phone :                        833-674-7850
Email :
privacy@foleyentertainmentgroup.com
Postal Address :
Foley Entertainment Group, LLC
Attn: Legal Department
1550 S. Pavilion Center Drive
Las Vegas, NV 89135
Hospitality Venues Foundations Contact
Subscribe to our newsletters
Enter Your Email (Required)
Consent (Required)
I agree to opt-in to all FEG communications
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
©2023 Foley Entertainment Group, LLC, or an affiliate. All Rights Reserved. TM SM ® Trademark(s) of Foley Entertainment Group, LLC, or an affiliate. |
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Do Not Share My Information
Sports
Hospitality
Venues
Foundations
Toggle Menu Close
Search for:
Search
Notifications