Data Privacy Statement for the Use of the Spark Video App, Version:
06.08.2023
This Data Privacy Statement applies for the offering and use of the
“ Spark Video ”
app
(hereinafter referred to as
“ Spark
Video ” ) for use on your mobile
device.
When using Spark Video, personal data will be collected, processed and used by us.
Because the protection of your privacy when using Spark Video is important to us, we would like to inform you
with the following information about what personal data we collect when you use Spark Video and how we handle
this data.
Collection and Use of Your Data
I hereby agree that by using Spark Video may use the following personal data:
Installed apps (including the use duration and use history)
Registration data (email address, IP address, GAID)
The data is linked to your device via the device ID (GAID or IDFA) ransmitted to our
servers in encrypted form. So that app providers can finance our app proposals, your device ID must be
transferred to them for billing purposes. In order to measure the usage time as well as the installed apps,
users can voluntarily upload screenshots from their mobile phone via the Spark Video, after which they will be
automatically processed, evaluated, and stored in our system for your membership.
The processing of the above data is required in order to be able to suggest apps
available in the Spark Video that match your interests, propose their installation via system notifications, and
allow the bonuses earned from using said apps to be calculated. I am aware that the above data results in an
interest profile, which, depending on the type of apps I use, may contain particularly sensitive personal data
(such as health data or data on my sexual orientation as well as any other data from special categories defined
in Art. 9 para. 1 of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If necessary, a selfie is required (only with bonus payment)
I understand that for reasons of fraud prevention, bonuses that I earn through the
use of Spark Video will only be possible after additional user verification via a selfie taken with my device's
camera when I first request a bonus. My consent to the processing of my personal data therefore already applies
to the processing of these photos. I acknowledge that selfies are also special-category personal data per Art. 9
para. 1 GDPR and expressly consent to the processing described below.
Information about Withdrawing Consent
The withdrawal of your consent and the termination of the use of Spark Video is
possible at any time with future effect, and can be sent to Spark Video via email at hello@Spark Video.pro. If
you withdraw your consent, your data will be deleted from the Spark Video database; if deletion is not possible,
the processing of your data will be restricted instead of its being deleted. Further use by Spark Video is no
longer possible after the withdrawal of your consent.
Registration/Setting Up a User Account
To be able to use all functions of Spark Video and in particular to benefit from the
bonus payments, you have to register for the use of Spark Video by setting up a user account. The registration
therefore serves to provide the services of Spark Video and calculate the bonuses generated by you.
During the registration process, we will collect and store certain other personal
data about you for the setting up of a customer account, if necessary. This includes (if we have not already
collected and stored this in accordance with the steps described above, see above) the following
information:
Payment data: Email address of a PayPal account or details for other payment
providers that are supported by Spark Video.
Selfies: For reasons of fraud prevention, bonuses that users earn through the use of
Spark Video will only be possible after additional user verification via a selfie taken with their device's
camera when they first request a bonus. We use users' selfies exclusively for the purpose of fraud prevention
and to ensure that bonuses have not been earned through the automated, fraudulent use of software. For this
purpose, a photo ( “ selfie ” ) is saved when your face is recorded using your device's camera. We use the
recording to create an individual and anonymous digital user ID (in the form of a hash value) that is not linked
to your account and is used to check whether the bonus has actually been earned by a real person and whether
this person has already requested or received a bonus with another account. We will not use the selfies for any
other purpose. For reasons of data economy, this is only necessary if you want to receive bonuses. If you do not
want to receive bonuses, you can use Spark Video fully without providing any selfies.
This data is processed on the basis of the consent you have given (see above) and is
used to fulfil the contract for you to use Spark Video.
If you do not provide this information or data, you may not be able to use Spark
Video at all or only to a limited extent and will, in particular, not be eligible for any bonus
payments.
Use Data
Data Processing for the Recommendation of New Apps
To be able to recommend to you other apps that participate in Spark Video based on
your current app preferences, a list of apps currently installed on your end device, as well as apps that you
have already installed (but that you have deinstalled) in the operating system installed on your end device,
including a use history of all these apps, will be sent to us during the installation of Spark Video.
In order to know your long-term preferences and continue to offer you interesting
apps, after the installation of Spark Video and permanently during the use of Spark Video, other apps installed
by you on your end device will be automatically recognised by Spark Video and the name of each newly installed
app will be sent to us.
In addition, we will log data about the use of the apps running in the foreground of
your end device and the temporal extent of the use (date, time and duration of the use of all apps).
For the logging of the use data within Spark Video, we measure the so-called
“ customer journey ” . For this purpose, each click or typing of a
key within Spark Video will be logged and linked to your profile or stored on the server.
The processing of this data takes place based on the consent granted by you (see
above) and serves to perform the contract on the use of Spark Video by you.
Data Processing for the Calculation of Bonus Payments
We also use the data about your use of the apps running in the foreground of your
end device to calculate the bonuses generated by you, if you have obtained and installed these apps via Spark
Video. For this purpose, we also log and use data about your purchases of services and virtual items within the
framework of the apps used by you (in-app purchases), and about relevant in-app occurrences relevant for the
calculation of the bonuses, such as level increases.
The processing of this data takes place based on the consent granted by you (see
above) and serves to perform the contract on the use of Spark Video by you.
Use Data about the End Device Used by You
In order to be able to identify you beyond any doubt during the use of Spark Video
and allocate you for the purpose of the recommendation of new apps, and the calculation and payment of the bonus
payments, we store other data about the use of Spark Video and the end device used by you for this purpose. This
includes the so-called Google Advertiser ID ( “ GAID ”
for Android) and the so-called Apple Identifier for Advertisers
( “ IDFA ”
for
Apple iOS), the Widevine ID, the model and product name of your end device, the version of the operating system,
the browser type used and its display resolution, as well as the IP address allocated to your end device and
information about when which content from our offering was accessed, the names of the files requested, and their
dates and times of access. We require this data to determine the content requested by you (e.g. text, images,
games and product information as well as files provided for download etc.), in order to enable the offering of
our services in accordance with the terms and conditions of use, and for the optimal display of Spark Video on
your end device. In order for app providers to finance our app suggestions, they must be sent the device ID for
billing purposes.
The processing of this data takes place based on the consent granted by you (see
above) and serves to perform the contract on the use of Spark Video by you.
If our server logs also automatically log your IP address, this will take place
solely for the purpose of guaranteeing the security of our systems, or for fraud prevention, and the IP address
will be automatically erased after 30 days at the latest.
Contact Section
In the contact section of the app, you can contact us via email using our contact
form. Your email address will thereby be collected by us. You can decide yourself which data you provide to us
within the framework of the contact.
In this case, we will only use your data to respond to your query.
Storage Duration of Your Data
We will only store your personal data for as long as we need it for the performance
of the contract on the use of Spark Video, for the fulfilment of your wishes, or for our legitimate interests
for the purposes of which we have logged your personal data, or for as long as is permitted or required by
law:
For as long as you take part in the use of Spark Video, we will store and process
your personal data for the duration of your use of Spark Video, until you end it or request that we erase your
data;
For as long as you set up a user account for our services, we will store and process
your personal data for the duration of your use of Spark Video, until you terminate it or until you request that
we erase your data. The selfies we use for user verification will not be used by us for any other purposes and
we will delete them 4 weeks after your bonus has been disbursed;
If you have agreed to the use of your email address for marketing purposes, we will
store your email address within our mailing database until you deregister or request that we erase the data, or
by the end of a period of inactivity (no interaction with us for a maximum duration of 18 months);
If you send us a query, we will process your personal data for the duration of the
processing of your query.
When we no longer require your personal data, we will erase it from our systems and
records, or anonymise it so that it can no longer be identified.
We can retain certain personal data in order to comply with our statutory and
regulatory obligations, and to enable us to manage our rights (e.g. the assertion of our rights in court), or
for statistical purposes.
Security Measures to Protect the Data Stored by Us
We are obliged to protect your privacy and treat your personal data confidentially.
Your data will be stored in our databases, which are only accessible to us and employees specifically trained in
data protection.
If we use support from third-party service providers who process your data on our
behalf in order to provide our web services, we have ensured that they are subject to the strict conditions of
this Data Privacy Statement, and that the use of your data beyond the cases described in this Data Privacy
Statement will not take place. All contractors, service providers and their employees are subject extensively to
our instructions and are also in particular legally obliged to observe, and trained in, the protection of your
data.
In order to prevent the loss or misuse of the data stored by us, we take
comprehensive technical and organisational safety precautions, which are regularly reviewed and adjusted to meet
technological advances. If it is within our sphere of influence, we use in particular modern encryption
techniques as well as a variety of other measures to prevent third parties from obtaining unauthorised
information.
However, we would like to point out to you that due to the structure of the
internet, it is possible that the data protection regulations and the above-named security measures of other
persons or institutions not within our area of responsibility cannot be observed. In particular, data passed on
in a non-encrypted form can be read by third parties, even if it is sent via email. We have no technical
influence on this occurrence. In these cases, it is the responsibility of the user to protect the data it
provides against misuse, by encryption or other methods.
Your Rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject in the data processing by Spark Video, you have the following
rights listed in this section. If you would like to exercise one of your rights named below, please contact us
using the contact details named in the following
“ Contact ”
section.
Please note that we may request proof of your identity and extensive information
about your query before we can process it.
Information, Restriction of Processing and Erasure
Within the framework of the applicable statutory proVideos, you have the right at
any time to obtain free information about the data stored about you personally, its origin and recipients, and
the purpose of the data processing. On presentation of the respective prerequisites, you may also have the right
to the rectification of incorrect data, the restriction of the processing, and the erasure of data.
Withdrawal of Your Consent to Data Processing
Some forms of data processing are only possible on the basis of your explicit
consent. You can withdraw consent already given at any time. The legitimacy of the data processing carried out
until the withdrawal will remain unaffected by the withdrawal.
Right to Data Portability
Regarding the data that we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in
the performance of a contract, you generally have the right to access it yourself or have it provided to a third
party in a customary, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of this data to a third party,
this will only take place if this is technically possible with reasonable effort.
Contact
Should you have any
questions or comments about the handling or use of your personal data, should you require information about the
personal data stored about you, or should you wish to exercise your other rights named above, you can contact us
by sending an email to
Williams.Dawn.89906@gmail.com
Third-party Services
Changes to this Data Privacy Statement
We always keep this Data Privacy Statement up-to-date. Therefore, we reserve the
right to change it from time to time and update it with changes during the collection, processing and use of
your data. Therefore, please read through this Data Privacy Statement regularly.