Page Title
Privacy Policy
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT Last updated september 27, 2023
Leila Abdellatif Official is licensed to You (End-User) by Leila Abdellatif, located at Beirut,Lebanon (hereinafter: Licensor), for use only under the terms of this License Agreement.
By downloading the Application from the Apple AppStore, and any update thereto (as permitted by this License Agreement), You indicate that You agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, and that You accept this License Agreement.
The parties of this License Agreement acknowledge that Apple is not a Party to this License Agreement and is not bound by any provisions or obligations with regard to the Application, such as warranty, liability, maintenance and support thereof. Leila Abdellatif, not Apple, is solely responsible for the licensed Application and the content thereof.
This License Agreement may not provide for usage rules for the Application that are in conflict with the latest App Store Terms of Service. Leila Abdellatif acknowledges that it had the opportunity to review said terms and this License Agreement is not conflicting with them.All rights not expressly granted to You are reserved. 1. THE APPLICATION Leila Abdellatif Official (hereinafter: Application) is a piece of software created to Provide Leila Abdellatif predictions - and customized for Apple mobile devices. It is used to View prediction.
The Application is not tailored to comply with industry-specific regulations (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), etc.), so if your interactions would be subjected to such laws, you may not use this Application. You may not use the Application in a way that would violate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
2. SCOPE OF LICENSE 2.1  You are given a non-transferable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license to install and use the Licensed Application on any Apple-branded Products that You (End-User) own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in this section and the App Store Terms of Service, with the exception that such licensed Application may be accessed and used by other accounts associated with You (End-User, The Purchaser) via Family Sharing or volume purchasing.
2.2  This license will also govern any updates of the Application provided by Licensor that replace, repair, and/or supplement the first Application, unless a separate license is provided for such update in which case the terms of that new license will govern.
2.3  You may not share or make the Application available to third parties (unless to the degree allowed by the Apple Terms and Conditions, and with Leila Abdellatif prior written consent), sell, rent, lend, lease or otherwise redistribute the Application.
2.4  You may not reverse engineer, translate, disassemble, integrate, decompile, integrate, remove, modify, combine, create derivative works or updates of, adapt, or attempt to derive the source code of the Application, or any part thereof (except with Leila Abdellatif’s prior written consent).
2.5  You may not copy (excluding when expressly authorized by this license and the Usage Rules) or alter the Application or portions thereof. You may create and store copies only on devices that You own or control for backup keeping under the terms of this license, the App Store Terms of Service, and any other terms and conditions that apply to the device or software used. You may not remove any intellectual property notices. You acknowledge that no unauthorized third parties may gain access to these copies at any time.
2.6  Violations of the obligations mentioned above, as well as the attempt of such infringement, may be subject to prosecution and damages.
2.7  Licensor reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of licensing.2.8  Nothing in this license should be interpreted to restrict third-party terms. When using the Application, You must ensure that You comply with applicable third-party terms and conditions. 3. SUBSCRIPTIONS The Application is free to download. Users must create an account providing their phone number, name, email and birthday for them to be able to use the services.
Key Features:
1- Listen and read your predictions.
2- Receive notification with your prediction.
3- Browse Leila Abdellatif ‘s videos and predictions.
4- Read about Leila Abdellatif’s predictions and events.
5- Get details about your monthly summary and key event dates for you.
6- Book a service with Leila Abdellatif for a personal consultation.
7- Ask Leila Abdellatif a question and get an answer to your question with a voice note from Leila Abdellatif with a personal reading.
Features:
- Get access to Leila Abdellatif 's monthly and weekly videos.
- Book a call with Leila Abdellatif.
- Read and listen to your predictions.
- Access old predictions.
- Switch between all your questions and answers..
4. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS 4.1  Licensor attempts to keep the Application updated so that it complies with modified/new versions of the firmware and new hardware. You are not granted rights to claim such an update.
4.2  You acknowledge that it is Your responsibility to confirm and determine that the app end-user device on which You intend to use the Application satisfies the technical  specifications mentioned above.
4.3  Licensor reserves the right to modify the technical specifications as it sees appropriate at any time. 5. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT 5.1  The Licensor is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services for this licensed Application. You can reach the Licensor at the email address listed in the App Store Overview for this licensed Application.
5.2  Leila Abdellatif and the End-User acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the licensed Application. 6. USER GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS The Application may invite you to chat, contribute to, or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums, and other functionality, and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute, or broadcast content and materials to us or in the Application, including but not limited to text, writings, video, audio, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions, or personal information or other material (collectively, "Contributions"). Contributions may be viewable by other users of the Application and through third-party websites or applications. As such, any Contributions you transmit may be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. When you create or make available any Contributions, you thereby represent and warrant that:
1. The creation, distribution, transmission, public display, or performance, and the accessing, downloading, or copying of your Contributions do not and will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or moral rights of any third party.
2. You are the creator and owner of or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, releases, and permissions to use and to authorize us, the Application, and other users of the Application to use your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Application and these Terms of Use.
3. You have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in your Contributions to use the name or likeness or each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of your Contributions in any manner contemplated by the Application and these Terms of Use.
4. Your Contributions are not false, inaccurate, or misleading.
5. Your Contributions are not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, pyramid schemes, chain letters, spam, mass mailings, or other forms of solicitation.
6. Your Contributions are not obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, violent, harassing, libelous, slanderous, or otherwise objectionable (as determined by us).
7. Your Contributions do not ridicule, mock, disparage, intimidate, or abuse anyone.
8. Your Contributions are not used to harass or threaten (in the legal sense of those terms) any other person and to promote violence against a specific person or class of people.
9. Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law, regulation, or rule.
10. Your Contributions do not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party.
11. Your Contributions do not contain any material that solicits personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner.
12. Your Contributions do not violate any applicable law concerning child pornography, or otherwise intended to protect the health or well-being of minors.
13. Your Contributions do not include any offensive comments that are connected to race, national origin, gender, sexual preference, or physical handicap.
14. Your Contributions do not otherwise violate, or link to material that violates, any provision of these Terms of Use, or any applicable law or regulation.
Any use of the Application in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Use and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Application. 7. CONTRIBUTION LICENSE By posting your Contributions to any part of the Application or making Contributions accessible to the Application by linking your account from the Application to any of your social networking accounts, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to us an unrestricted, unlimited, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide right, and license to host, use copy, reproduce, disclose, sell, resell, publish, broad cast, retitle, archive, store, cache, publicly display, reformat, translate, transmit, excerpt (in whole or in part), and distribute such Contributions (including, without limitation, your image and voice) for any purpose, commercial advertising, or otherwise, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate in other works, such as Contributions, and grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. The use and distribution may occur in any media formats and through any media channels.
This license will apply to any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed, and includes our use of your name, company name, and franchise name, as applicable, and any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and personal and commercial images you provide. You waive all moral rights in your Contributions, and you warrant that moral rights have not otherwise been asserted in your Contributions.
We do not assert any ownership over your Contributions. You retain full ownership of all of your Contributions and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Contributions. We are not liable for any statements or representations in your Contributions provided by you in any area in the Application. You are solely responsible for your Contributions to the Application and you expressly agree to exonerate us from any and all responsibility and to refrain from any legal action against us regarding your Contributions.
We have the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, (1) to edit, redact, or otherwise change any Contributions; (2) to re-categorize any Contributions to place them in more appropriate locations in the Application; and (3) to pre-screen or delete any Contributions at any time and for any reason, without notice. We have no obligation to monitor your Contributions. 8. LIABILITY 8.1  Licensor's responsibility in the case of violation of obligations and tort shall be limited to intent and gross negligence. Only in case of a breach of essential contractual duties (cardinal obligations), Licensor shall also be liable in case of slight negligence. In any case, liability shall be limited to the foreseeable, contractually typical damages. The limitation mentioned above does not apply to injuries to life, limb, or health.
8.2  Licensor takes no accountability or responsibility for any damages caused due to a breach of duties according to Section 2 of this Agreement. To avoid data loss, You are required to make use of backup functions of the Application to the extent allowed by applicable third-party terms and conditions of use. You are aware that in case of alterations or manipulations of the Application, You will not have access to licensed Application.
9. WARRANTY 9.1  Licensor warrants that the Application is free of spyware, trojan horses, viruses, or any other malware at the time of Your download. Licensor warrants that the Application works as described in the user documentation.
9.2  No warranty is provided for the Application that is not executable on the device, that has been unauthorizedly modified, handled inappropriately or culpably, combined or installed with inappropriate hardware or software, used with inappropriate accessories, regardless if by Yourself or by third parties, or if there are any other reasons outside of Leila Abdellatif’s sphere of influence that affect the executability of the Application.
9.3  You are required to inspect the Application immediately after installing it and notify Leila Abdellatif about issues discovered without delay by e-mail provided in Product Claims. The defect report will be taken into consideration and further investigated if it has been mailed within a period of seven (7) days after discovery.
9.4  If we confirm that the Application is defective, Leila Abdellatif reserves a choice to remedy the situation either by means of solving the defect or substitute delivery.
9.5  In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, You may notify the App-Store-Operator, and Your Application purchase price will be refunded to You. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App-Store-Operator will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App, and any other losses, claims, damages, liabilities, expenses and costs attributable to any negligence to adhere to any warranty.
9.6  If the user is an entrepreneur, any claim based on faults expires after a statutory period of limitation amounting to twelve (12) months after the Application was made available to the user. The statutory periods of limitation given by law apply for users who are consumers.
10. PRODUCT CLAIMS Leila Abdellatif and the End-User acknowledge that Leila Abdellatif, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims of the End-User or any third party relating to the licensed Application or the End-User’s possession and/or use of that licensed Application, including, but not limited to:
(i) product liability claims;
(ii) any claim that the licensed Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and
(iii) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation, including in connection with Your Licensed Application’s use of the HealthKit and HomeKit.
11. LEGAL COMPLIANCE You represent and warrant that You are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and that You are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
12. CONTACT INFORMATION For general inquiries, complaints, questions or claims concerning the licensed Application, please contact: Layla Abdellatif Beirut, Lebanon info@laylaabdellatif.com
13. TERMINATION The license is valid until terminated by Leila Abdellatif or by You. Your rights under this license will terminate automatically and without notice from Leila Abdellatif if You fail to adhere to any term(s) of this license. Upon License termination, You shall stop all use of the Application, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Application.
14. THIRD-PARTY TERMS OF AGREEMENTS AND BENEFICIARY Leila Abdellatif represents and warrants that Leila Abdellatif will comply with applicable third-party terms of agreement when using licensed Application.In Accordance with Section 9 of the "Instructions for Minimum Terms of Developer's End-User License Agreement," Apple and Apple's subsidiaries shall be third-party beneficiaries of this End User License Agreement and - upon Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this license agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this End User License Agreement against You as a third-party beneficiary thereof. 15. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS Leila Abdellatif and the End-User acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the licensed Application or the End-User's possession and use of that licensed Application infringes on the third party's intellectual property rights, Leila Abdellatif, and not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge or any such intellectual property infringement claims.
16. APPLICABLE LAW This license agreement is governed by the laws of Lebanon excluding its conflicts of law rules.
17. MISCELLANEOUS 17.1  If any of the terms of this agreement should be or become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. Invalid terms will be replaced by valid ones formulated in a way that will achieve the primary purpose.
17.2  Collateral agreements, changes and amendments are only valid if laid down in writing. The preceding clause can only be waived in writing.    Privacy Policy Last updated September 27, 2023
We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at info@laylaabdellatif.com
This privacy policy describes how we might use your information if you:In this privacy policy, if we refer to:
The purpose of this privacy policy is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it.
If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.
Please read this privacy policy carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:  We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the (such as by posting messages in our online forums or entering competitions, contests or giveaways) or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the , the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Mobile Application.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the . This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our , and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
The application does not share any user identifiable information with third party entities. The application does use Google’s Fabric and Firebase services for anonymously tracking analytics and crashes, but all of this data is not tied back to a certain person.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
2. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:  We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
- Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
- Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
- Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
- Other Users. When you share personal information or otherwise interact with public areas of the , such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the in perpetuity. If you interact with other users of our and register for our through a social network (such as Facebook), your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our , and view your profile. 3. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:  We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie policy. 4. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short:  If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our offers you the ability to register and login using your third-party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public on such social media platform.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant . Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
5. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short:  We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are located in United States Of America. If you are accessing our Mobile App from outside, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see "WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?" above), in and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), then these countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law. 6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:  We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Mobile Application, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the . If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at info@laylaabdellatif.com 8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
If you are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list — however, we may still communicate with you, for example to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes. To otherwise opt-out, you may:
9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.
10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with , you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the . To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the , but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).
11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS policy?
In Short:  Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a policy of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS policy?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at info@laylaabdellatif.com
13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please email us a info@laylaabdellatif.com