Privacy | Vemento AS Company Contact V emento Company Contact Privacy 1. Introduction Ham Radio Exam ("we") is committed to ensuring your trust in us and how we handle your personal information. In this privacy statement, we explain why we collect information about you, how we use this information, and how we consider your privacy. Personal information is information and assessments that can be linked to an identifiable individual. This could be name and contact information, purchase history, or information about interests. The use of personal information must follow the law of personal information. As the data controller, we will ensure that we use personal information about you in accordance with the law's rules. 2. What personal information do we have about you Depending on the information you provide to us, how you use our services, and the permissions you give us, we have this information about you: Information about you: Information you provide when creating a user account, such as name, address, phone number, and email address. You can choose to give us more information about yourself, like gender and birthday. Communication: Information you give us when you contact our customer center, such as emails sent between us. Information about usage on the websites: Information we get when you use our website and app, like what kind of device you have (e.g., mobile or PC), IP address, which pages you visit, and which features you use there. 3. What do we use personal information for We use your personal information for the following purposes: To provide website and app: We use information to customize our website and app to the technical equipment you use. We may also use the information to customize the content on our website and app. Create a user account: We use information if you create a user account, among other things to provide you with access with username and password, to save your contact information and payment information, and so that you can see your purchase history. Customer service: We store information that you provide and receive if you contact us to provide service and manage your customer relationship. Statistics: We prepare statistics and map market trends to improve and further develop our products and services. As far as possible, we do this with anonymous information, without knowing that the information is specifically linked to you. The legal basis for purposes 1, 4, and 5 is our legitimate interest in being able to offer, further develop, and market our services. The legal basis for purposes 2, 3, and 4 is to fulfill our contract with you. The legal basis for purpose 5 can also be your consent, if you have given us this. It may be necessary to send you marketing if you no longer have a user account with us. 4. Who do we share personal information with We share personal information with companies that provide technical and administrative services to us, such as IT providers. We have agreements with these to protect your privacy. We may disclose information in individual cases, for example, to public authorities, in suspicion of criminal offenses. If you consent, we can share your personal information with our partners as described in your consent. So that they can send you recommendations and information relevant to you, or so they can conduct their own market analyses and service development. We use IT providers outside the EEA. If we transfer personal data out of the EEA, we ensure to protect privacy through the conclusion of contracts. You can ask for more information or a copy of the security mechanisms we use to ensure privacy. 5. How long do we store personal information We store personal information as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which the personal information was collected. This means for example: If you have a user account with us, we delete the information when you cancel the user account or if you have been inactive for over 12 months. We store transactions and payment information for 5 years according to the Accounting Act. We store information about your use of our websites for up to 6 months. We store any information from partners as long as you have an active user account with us or as long as you have consented. We will delete the information if you cancel the user account or the user account has been inactive for 12 months. We store communication with our customers for three years, unless we need to store it longer, for example, in connection with complaints or claims. 6. Your rights You may have the right to ask us to: Give you additional information about how we process your personal information. Give you a copy of personal information about you. Update your personal information. Delete information that we no longer have a basis to store. Limit or stop processing your information Oppose automatic individual decisions, including profiling. Provide you with information you have given us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format or, where technically possible, ask us to transfer these to another business. Withdraw any consents you have given us. Please be aware that there are limitations to these rights. Please contact us if you would like more information about this. If you believe that we process personal data in violation of the law on personal data, you have the right to complain to the Data Inspectorate. Before you do this, we would like you to contact us so that we can answer your questions or clarify any misunderstandings. 7. Cookies We use cookies on our websites to ensure functionality on the website, analyze web traffic, and see which areas of our website you have visited. 8. Changes to the privacy statement We can update the privacy statement from time to time. You will be notified about significant changes. You will always find the latest version of our privacy statement on the website/app. 9. Contact information If you wish to get in touch with us, you can use the following contact information: Email address: kontakt@teoriquizen.no Company Privacy Policy Knowledge Contact Help Center © Copyright
2023
Vemento AS Org.num. NO 929 628 675 MVA