ACR 2023
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent.
Privacy Policy
Close Cookie Preferences
‹
›
×
ACR 2023
×
Login
Email:
Password:
Cancel
Login
New user? Register now
Forgot Password?
×
Reset Password
Email / Username:
New password:
Confirm password:
Cancel
Update
×
Reset Password
Email / Username:
Cancel
Reset
×
ACR 2023
Need Technical Assistance?
tech@vfairs.com
Toggle navigation
x
Home
Agenda
Sponsors
FAQ
Register
Login
Listen
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
www.vfairs.com
Last Updated: 23 July 2021
This Privacy Policy explains how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
OVERVIEW
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
THE INFORMATION WE SHARE
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
HOW TO UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
ABOUT COOKIES, TRACKING CHOICES, AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
DISPUTES
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
DATA PROTECTION REGULATIONS
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
HOW TO CONTACT US
OVERVIEW
vFairs LLC (“vFairs”, “We” or “Our”) has drafted this Privacy Policy to ensure that you can clearly understand our personal information practices as you use vFairs Platform (the “Sites”). This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices you can make about our collection, use, and disclosure of your information. We also describe in this Privacy Policy the measures we take to protect the security of your Personal Information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
This Privacy Policy may be posted on one of the Sites that we run for a customer (“Customer Site”). On a Customer Site, vFairs is collecting, using and sharing your Personal Information on behalf of our customer rather than vFairs. Please contact the customer for information about how they will collect, use and share your Personal Information. The customer is in control of the Customer Site, and it is operated by vFairs on its behalf subject to the terms of the agreement with the customer. Subject to the foregoing, this Privacy Policy describes generally how vFairs uses data in connection with the typical Customer Site, as well as use by vFairs from any interactions separate from the Customer Site.
A Customer Site may also enable you to interact with third parties (“Third Party”) similar to an in person job fair or trade show. In this event, your Personal Information may be collected, used and shared by the Third Party according to any terms established between our customer and the Third Party, as well as the policies of the Third Party, and your own choices and settings. The relationship with the Third Party is managed by our customer and not vFairs.
This Privacy Policy incorporates by reference the
Terms of Use
for the Sites, which apply to this Privacy Policy. When you visit the Sites or provide us with information, you consent to our use and disclosure of the information we collect or receive as described in this Privacy Policy and you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the policy.
Please review this Privacy Policy periodically as we may update it from time to time to reflect changes in our data practices.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may obtain information about you from various sources, including our Sites, when you call or email us or communicate with us through social media, or when you participate in an Event. An “Event” is an online gathering that includes registration before the event begins, activities between the event’s start and end time, and after the event’s end time. We also may obtain information about you from business partners and other third parties and publicly available information, including from our customers prior to or during an event. We may collect your information at different points in connection with our business and the Sites, including your registration, profile submissions, use of the Sites, interactions with us, and during an Event.
The types of information we may obtain include:
Personal Information , which is information that identifies you, such as your name, password, email address, address, phone number(s), and photographic image. In some locations, Personal Information may have a broader definition under an applicable law, and in these jurisdiction your rights with respect to Personal Information will be governed by the broader definition.
Demographic Information , such as zip code, country, years of work experience, skills, industry, certifications, degrees, etc. We do this to help you connect with other event participants like exhibitors.
Preference Information , such as preferred time zone or whether to show a dialog on your next visit. We do this to personalize your experience on the Sites.
Content Submissions, such as any information that you submit on our forms, blogs, social media pages, through file uploads, or via online chats as part of an Event.
Anonymous information , such as pages visited, and time on the Sites. We do this in order to understand how the Sites are being used and what the engagement is like.
We collect information stored in your social media profile that you authorize us to access when you use your social media profile to execute features on the Sites, such as the ability to log into the Sites using your social media profile credentials.
In addition, when you visit our Sites, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies and web beacons, as described in more detail below. The information we may collect by automated means includes, but is not limited to:
Information about the devices our visitors use to access the Internet (such as the IP address and the device, browser and operating system type).
Pages and URLs that refer visitors to our Sites, also pages and URLs that visitors exit to once they leave our Sites.
Dates and times of visits to our Sites.
Information on actions taken on our Sites (such as page views, site navigation patterns or application activity).
A general geographic location (such as country and city) from which a visitor accesses our Sites.
Search terms that visitors use to reach our Sites.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use the information we obtain about you to:
Create, manage and maintain your account on the Sites.
Provide you with the Sites and other services that you request.
Manage your participation in events hosted on the Sites, where you have signed up for such events and promotions.
Maintain a record of the events in which you participate, including chat and webinar history and download activity.
Enable you to interact with other event participants.
Provide administrative notices or communications applicable to your use of the Sites.
Respond to your questions and comments and provide customer support.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business and the products and services we offer.
Analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies (including by identifying when emails we have sent to you have been received and read).
Analyze trends and statistics regarding visitors’ use of our Sites, mobile applications and social media assets, and the jobs viewed or applied to on our Sites.
Maintain the quality of the Sites, including detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious, deceptive, illegal or fraudulent activities.
Notify you from time to time about relevant products and services operated by vFairs
Enforce our Sites’ Terms of Use and legal rights.
Conduct a sale of all or substantially all of our business or assets, which includes the sale, assignment or other transfer of your personal information and data in connection with such transaction.
Comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards and our policies.
We also use non-personally identifiable information and certain technical information about your computer and your access to the Sites (including your internet protocol address) in order to operate, maintain and manage the Sites.
We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, share or otherwise disclose or use any and all aggregated information, however, unless otherwise disclosed in this policy, we will not sell or otherwise transfer or disclose your Personal Information to a third party without your consent.
Our customers may use vFairs and a Customer Site to process data, and this data may contain your personal information. The data that we process through the Sites in that case is processed on behalf of our customer, and our privacy practices are governed by the contracts that we have in place with our customers. If you have any questions or concerns about how personal information in such data is handled or would like to exercise your rights, you should contact the person or entity (i.e., the data controller) who has contracted with us to use the Customer Site to process this data. Our customers, and sometimes a Third Party, as described above, control the Personal Information in such a case. We will provide assistance to our customers to address your concerns in accordance with the terms of our contract with them.
If we seek to use the information we obtain about you in other ways, we will provide specific notice and request your consent at the time of collection.
vFairs would like to send you information of products or services of ours that we think you might like. If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.You have the right at anytime to stop vFairs from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, you may unsubscribe here. If you opt out of our marketing, you may still receive transactional emails from vFairs in connection with your use of the Sites. You will also continue to receiving marketing in connection with a Customer Site until you specifically opt out of such marketing.
THE INFORMATION WE SHARE
When you create an account on the Sites, vFairs will collect and retain information about you, some of which is Personal Information. You may be required to provide additional personal or demographic information when registering for an Event hosted on the Sites including, but not limited to, photo, resume, work experience, educational qualification, location, skills, industry.
The information you provide is collected by vFairs, and is shared with the company(ies) participating in the Event, which may be a customer or a Third Party. This includes personal information such as name, email address, resume and other questions you answer during the registration process. This also includes the conversation (chat) history from conversations with any other participant and/or organization. If providing information for an Event, this information may become subject to the policies of the respective company(ies) after it has been shared, as vFairs is not responsible for these policies. Providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional, but enables you to better identify yourself.
We may share your Personal Information with third party contractors or service providers to provide you with the services that we offer you through our Sites; to provide technical support, or to provide specific services in accordance with your instructions. These third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by vFairs.
We may also disclose specific user information when we determine, in good faith, that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement, to prevent a crime or protect national security, or to protect the interests or safety of vFairs, our customers, or other users of the Sites.
You should be aware that any Personal Information you submit on the Sites may be read, collected, or used by other users of vFairs, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. In addition, any personal information you submit in an Event can be read, collected, or used by participating companies, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit to the Sites.
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
vFairs maintains administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to assist us in protecting the Personal Information we collect against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Please note that no electronic transmission of information can be entirely secure. We cannot guarantee that the security measures we have in place to safeguard Personal Information will never be defeated or fail, or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective. Therefore, although we are committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information will always remain private. As a user of the Sites, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Sites, the internet generally, and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the sites. To further protect yourself, you should safeguard your vFairs Sites username and password and not share that information with anyone. You should also log off from and close your browser window when you have finished your visit to our Sites. Please note that we will never ask for your vFairs account password via email.
vFairs does not safeguard your Personal Information from our customers when they are acting as the controller of your Personal Information, including when held by our customers outside of the Sites, or a Third Party authorized to join a Customer Site. They are responsible for handling Personal Information in accordance with their privacy policies.
vFairs store your data at data centers built with the highest standards for privacy and data security in mind. The stored data is protected through end-to-end encryption including the data at rest and in transit.
The data in connection with a Customer Site is retained pursuant to the customer agreement, and ordinarily retained while the contract with vFairs is active. When the contract ends, we delete the data from the database and all the backups. After the data is deleted, we can also provide a data destruction certificate to our customer upon request.
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
vFairs would like to make sure you are aware of available data protection rights. Depending on your location, you may have the right to exercise certain privacy rights under applicable laws, including:
The right to access - You may have the right to access vFairs for copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification - You may have the right to request that vFairs correct any information you believe is incorrect. You may also have the right to request vFairs to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You may have the right to request that vFairs erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You may have the right to request that vFairs restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You may have the right to object to vFairs’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You may have the right to request that vFairs transfer the data we have collected to another organization, or directly to you under certain conditions.
You may also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant authorities in your jurisdiction.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us by completing this
form .
In order to comply with your request, we may have to verify your identity. If we are processing your Personal Information on behalf of our customer, we will direct you to instead make your request to our customer, or may, in some instances, contact the customer directly on your behalf.
HOW TO UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may access, update and amend Personal Information included in your online account at any time by logging into your account and making the necessary changes.
You may choose to deactivate your account at any time by emailing us at tech@vfairs.com. When we deactivate your account, you will be logged out of vFairs and you will no longer be able to log into vFairs to view the events you attended or the chats you had with other participants. Certain information in connection with your account may be retained after deactivation by vFairs or by the participants who it has already been shared with pursuant to this privacy policy.
ABOUT COOKIES, TRACKING CHOICES, AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected devices to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon” is also called a Web bug or a pixel tag or a clear GIF. Used in combination with cookies, a web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1-pixel x 1-pixel, that is placed on a Web site or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Website or sending the e-mail.
vFairs uses cookies and other similar technologies for the convenience of our users. Cookies enable us to serve secure pages to our users without asking them to sign in repeatedly. vFairs also uses cookies to store non-personally identifying information such as your preferences. vFairs also uses cookies to ensure the proper functioning and efficiency of our Sites.
Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please be aware, that our Sites cannot be used without cookies enabled. Our Sites also do not respond to web browser “do not track” requests.
vFairs permits third-party cookies on its Sites. For example, third-party services located on the Sites, including those that allow for single sign-on, commenting, live chat and social media sharing, may use cookies to remember user preference settings and interaction history.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
The companies that provide third-party tools and services such as commenting operate under their own privacy policies and vFairs encourages you to be aware of the privacy policies of such companies. vFairs does not have control over or access to any information contained in the cookies that are set on your computer by third-party tool providers.
There are many resources on the Internet that can provide you guidance regarding deleting or disabling cookies.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Sites are hosted in the United States and any personal information that we collect from you is currently stored in the United States. If you are accessing the Sites outside of the U.S., you consent to the transfer of your personal information to the United States when you register. Please be advised that United States law may not offer the same privacy protections as the law in your jurisdiction. When operating a Customer Site, vFairs transfers personal information pursuant to the agreement with the customer.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Content on our Sites may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by vFairs. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects Personal Information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected on vFairs.
DISPUTES
If you believe that we have not adhered to the Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@vfairs.com. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Children under the age of 13 (or other age as required by local law) are permitted to use the site ONLY as part of an approved agreement with a customer providing for children’s data. Children under 13 years old (or other age as required by local law) are otherwise prohibited from using the site. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data that is not part of an approved customer relationship, please contact us immediately. If we learn that we have collected any personal data in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
For such customer accounts, vFairs involves the collection and maintenance of personal data about children under 13, as well as other personal data of students as applicable, through the site. It is operated by: vFairs LLC, 1510 Randolph St., Carrollton, Texas 75006. Please contact vFairs at info@vfairs.com with any questions about the collection, use and sharing of children’s personal data.
The information collected about children under 13, as well as other personal data of students, includes: name and email address.
The information about children under 13, as well as other personal data of students, is or may be used for: account creation, user verification, deliver the products and services, share content between users, user interaction, customer support, user communication, prevent fraud, detect security incidents, analytics, respond to legal inquiries or terminate accounts.
The information about children under 13, as well as other personal data of students, is disclosed to: service providers and vendors (including for the purposes as agreed per T&C, other authorized users with whom the child or student shares and/or communicates, government and/or legal requestors as required by law, and others as necessary (based on the appropriate consent of the school and/or parent / legal guardian).
No child or student personal data is made available to the public by vFairs. Children may make their personal data available to other authorized users as part of the services.
The parent of a child under 13 or a student (subject to an applicable law) can review or have deleted the personal data held by vFairs and refuse to permit its further collection or use. A parent may do so by notifying the customer (e.g., school) through their designated contact mechanism and/or notifying vFairs via info@vfairs.com.
DATA PROTECTION REGULATIONS
vFairs will comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws & regulations in the performance of its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
vFairs’s GDPR Compliance Statement provides information regarding the impact of the GDPR on vFairs and our customers and the steps taken by vFairs to ensure our compliance with the GDPR.
vFairs GDPR Compliance statement can be found here.
vFairs will also comply with the applicable measures of the California Consumer Privacy Act and other regulations held locally by countries worldwide.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
vFairs keeps its policy under regular review and places any update on this web page.
If we decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site and updating the date at the top of the Privacy Policy. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our Privacy Policy whenever you visit the website for any updates or changes.
We understand that changes to this Privacy Policy may affect your decision to use our Sites. You have the option to deactivate your account for any reason. Continued use of our Sites and their services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgment of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personal information, or to exercise your rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@vfairs.com .
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service