Aspire Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement covers the information practices,
including how Aspire (the "Company") collects, uses, shares and secures the
personal information you provide, of Web sites that link to this Privacy
Statement.
Information collected
When you request additional information, or register on
Aspire's Web sites, the Company will ask you to provide basic contact
information.
When you purchase Aspire's applications or services (the
"Services"), the Company will ask you to provide information necessary for
billing.
Use of the Services will require that you provide information about users
of the Services.
This information is limited to name, job title and contact
information.
Certain users will enter information regarding time worked and
job location.
For Google service users, upon your request, you may allow the Aspire
application to access your Gmail account and enable emails to be generated in
Aspire and sent via Gmail.
Aspire only retains the authorization token and
does not share this data with any third party.
Aspire's use and transfer to any other app of information received from
Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy,
including
the Limited Use requirements.
Aspire uses common Internet technologies, such as cookies,
to keep track of interactions with the Company's Web sites.
Use of information
Aspire uses information collected only to provide you with the
Services you request. Collecting information related to the users of the Services is
necessary to provide accurate and useful reporting to the managment of Aspire's customers.
Aspire may use information collected to improve the
Company's Web sites and Services. Any information used for this purpose will not identify
specific customer information.
Aspire may use information collected to provide you with
additional information about the Company's Services, partners and events.
Aspire does not share, sell, rent, or trade personally
identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes. Aspire
may share information collected with other companies that work on Aspire's
behalf.
Aspire uses various security measures to protect
information.
Customer Data
Customers of Aspire may electronically submit data or
information to the Company's Services ("Customer Data").
Aspire will not review, share, distribute, or reference any
such Customer Data except as provided in Aspire's Access and Services Agreement,
or as may be required by law.
Communication
preferences
Every marketing email from Aspire contains instructions on
how to opt out of receiving further marketing emails from the Company. You may manage your receipt of marketing
communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of
the Company's marketing emails.
How to contact us
If you have any
questions regarding this Statement or if you need to request access to or
update, change or remove personal information that we control, you can do so by
contacting:
Aspire Privacy
390 S Woods Mill Rd
Suite 200
Chesterfield, MO 63017