Privacy Policy - All In The Loop
Cookie Consent by
Free Privacy Policy Generator website
We use cookies We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from. OK Change my preferences
Products
Virtual Events
Fully virtual event platform for a worldwide audience
Hybrid Events
Trending
Mixture of virtual and
in-person attendance
In-Person Events
Apps with interaction & contactless features
Lead Retrieval
Badge scanning with custom qualifying questions
Registration
Attendee registration and contactless badge printing
Advanced Streaming
Custom transitions for a professional finish
Fully branded and cutomizable platforms for all types of events.
Features
A wide range of features for your events
Find out which would be the best fit for you
Speak to the team
Platform
Branding/Customization
Sponsorship
Analytics
User Experience
Content
Virtual
Live Streaming
SimuLive
Green Room
Q&A and Live Polling
Virtual Meetings
Virtual Exhibitions
Hybrid
Venue Streaming
Virtual/In-Person Connections
In-Person
Contactless Entry
Scanning Scavenger Hunt
Lead Retrieval
Mobile App
Services
Project Management
White glove service from inception to completion
The Team
Supported by a full team for all elements of your platform
Have a question on our services?
Contact us
Resources
Integrations
Case Studies
Testimonials
Get Demo & Trial
Privacy Policy – All In The Loop
Who are we?
All In The Loop Ltd, a company registered in England under company number 08935537, and its affiliates (“AITL”, “we”, or “us”), understand your concerns with regard to how information about you is used and shared.
AITL provides event technology to organisations and individuals for their meetings, events, conferences, and trade shows (the “Services”). The Services include access to the  www.allintheloop.com  website; any subdomains of such website, including event apps, registration and lead retrieval apps, internal communications apps, mobile apps, and any other website pages on which Services are provided by us (the “Apps”),
This privacy policy applies to your use of the Services and Apps, whether you are a customer or an end user of the Services. This privacy policy applies to information we collect through your use of the Apps and any other means by which we may collect information about you. This privacy policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our Apps or use our Services in general, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining and protecting and disclosing that information.
It is important that you read this privacy policy so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal data. This privacy policy supplements other privacy policies, for example that of our third party App Partner. Clicking on links to third party websites, content, or applications, may allow those third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control those third party websites or content and are not responsible for their privacy policies or the way in which they collect or use your data.
AITL is the controller in respect to certain uses of your personal data, as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation.
When do we collect your personal data?
AITL collects data relating to you and your use of the Apps in order to provide Services and features that are responsive to your needs. AITL collects personal data in the following ways:
From when you register and communicate with us . We collect information from you when you register an account with us, request information, send us emails, or speak with us over the telephone.
From the Apps . We may collect information from your mobile device when our Apps are installed or you provide your information to us via the Apps.
Location Tracking (precise geolocation): . Our apps also may also track your location using an SDK provided by InMarket. For full information on this please go to:
https://inmarket.com/privacy/ .
From third parties.  If you are an end user, we may receive information about you from an App Partner or client.
Automatically as you use our Apps.  Information collected automatically may include usage details, email address, IP address, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
What personal data do we collect from you?
When using the Apps, you may provide us with personal data. Personal data includes all data that directly or indirectly identifies you such as your name, email address, phone number and location data. You control how much information you provide through the Apps.
Identity and Contact Data . To use our Apps, you must provide an email and username, and you will set a password. If you do not submit this information yourself, we may retrieve this information from the event organizer in order to invite you to use the Apps and to prepopulate certain fields in the Apps. An App Provider may request additional information about you beyond a user name and email address. It is up to you how much additional personal data you share with us, the event organizer, and the other attendees. This data may also include your first name, last name, date of birth and gender.
Profile Data .
Profile Data. When using the Apps you may choose to create social profiles that display your name, job title, company, profile image or images you upload in the the Apps and links to your social profiles (Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn) and activity. In addition to the above, you can fill out a “Biography” text box to provide additional information about yourself, as well as contribute through posts, comments, surveys, feedback, messages, poll responses, and any other App-related functions or features that may be available to you.
If you are an event organizer, you may also provide us with conference agendas, customer lists, exhibitor lists, and other information.
Technical Data . We collect limited personal data from you through your use of our Apps or Services. This may include your IP address, browser software, operating system, login data, and the time and date on which you visited the Apps or Services. In addition, we may also track your usage of the Apps for statistical and research purposes by means of cookies, which includes data about how you use our Apps, products and Services. From the Apps
Marketing and Communications Data . This data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us, product updates, third party App Partner marketing, and your communication preferences.
Precise Location . This data includes your current precise location. This is used to send you alerts based on your location at events such as nearby exhibitors and actvities.
If you fail to provide your personal data when requested, we may not be able to perform the Services, for example, to provide you with access to the Apps.
For what purpose do we use or process your personal data?
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
• Providing you with information about the event that you are attending;
• Performing our Services; we may process your personal data in order to provide Services to you and additional Services you request, as well as to respond to communications from you.
• Enabling App features such as “check-ins”, surveys/polls, messaging, channels, agenda sessions, exhibitors, recommendations, speakers and locations;
• Prepopulating App fields such as conference agendas, attendee lists, speaker lists, exhibitor lists, and location information;
• Showing your App contributions on the activity feeds in the event App;
• For analytics and market research to perform or improve our Services;
• Sending emails or push notifications in relation to the event;
• To market our own Services to you; information we collect about you and how you use the Apps and Services provides valuable information about how we can improve and offer additional products and services that we think might interest you; and,
• Processing complaints or customer service inquiries, handling disputes, performing audits and meeting regulatory and/or statutory obligations.
What legal bases do we have for processing personal data?
We will collect and process your personal data only when one of the following applies:
It is necessary for a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your privacy interests), such as preventing fraud, improving our Apps, to make suggestions to you about other Services or products available through our Apps, and increasing the security of our Services;
You have expressly consented to the collection and processing for a specific purpose;
It is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations; or
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us at  info@allintheloop.com .
Marketing
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us, previously used our Services or Apps, and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
With whom do we share your personal data?
We do not sell, trade, or share your personal data with third parties, except in the circumstances described below.
Event Organisers . We share your information, posts, comments, surveys, messages, and polls with the event organizers or their authorized agents. In accordance with our legal obligations, we have agreed to safeguard the protection of your personal data in agreements with the event organizers. We recommend that you read and review the privacy policy of the event organizer carefully to ensure you are fully aware of all the purposes for which your data is being used by the event organizer or processed by us.
Attendees or other App users . Other users of the Apps may be able to see limited information such as your profile and contributions. Apart from the first and last name on your profile, we do not share your personal data with attendees. The only information that is visible to attendees is the information you decide to actively share on your profile or contribute to the Apps. We may share some of your information with Attendees if you: tap on the “Attendee profile” in the Attendee Directory and tap “Share Contact” on a button in the Apps. This will share your email address with the Attendee.
Exhibitors.  We may share some of your information with exhibitors if you: tap on the “Exhibitor profile” in the Exhibitor Directory and tap “Share Contact” on a button in the Apps. This will share your email address with the Exhibitor. When an Exhibitor scans your QR code at an event using the Mobile App they will have access to all data and information you provided upon registering for the event.
App users/Exhibitors are advised to ONLY use any data gathered via visitor QR codes in a professional capacity and not to be shared outside of the Organisation.
External Partnerships . We may provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process that information for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other applicable confidentiality and security measures. For example, we might use data processors to handle complaints, to resolve customer service inquiries from you or event organizers, to facilitate internal support operations for All In The Loop, to send newsletters or other event information on our or the event organizer’s behalf, or to share information with third parties in other similar cases if you have provided your consent to such data sharing. We will not sell to any third party the personal information or data that you provide to us.
Third Party Service Providers . We use third-party payment processors to process payments for our registration App Partners. In connection with the processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly to the third-party processor the App Partner selects, whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy policy. As an extension to this Privacy Policy and if requested by a partner company for transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area, we shall enter into EU Standard Contractual Clauses to comply with our legal obligations.
Legal Requirements and Business Transfers . We may disclose personal data (i) if we are required to do so by law, legal process, statute, rule, regulation, or professional standard, or to respond to an official request; (ii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss; (iii) in connection with an investigation of a complaint, security threat, or suspected illegal activity; (iv) in connection with an internal audit; or (v) in the event that AITL is subject to mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganisations, divestitures, dissolutions, bankruptcies, liquidations, or other types of business transactions. In these types of transactions, personal data may be shared, sold, or transferred, and it may be used subsequently by a third party.
Security of your personal information and international transfers
In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, we have taken adequate technical and organizational measures to safeguard the security of your personal information. We store the personal information that we process on a secure database that is protected by technical access controls. We periodically review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to personal information to employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Please be advised that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable data, we make no guarantees or assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, access, or misuse and are not responsible in the event that such loss or misuse occurs.
We may transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) in our performance of Services.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure an appropriate degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission;
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
Where we use providers based in the US, we will only transfer data to them under the scope of a data processing agreement which incorporates Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, or Binding Corporate Rules which require them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US.  How long will we store your personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of a claim being made in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
What are your legal rights?
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data  (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you . This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data . This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data . This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party . We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data . However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at  info@allintheloop.com .
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one calendar month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and web beacons in our Apps and Services. A cookie is a small text file that is delivered with pages from the Apps or Services and which is stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer or on your smartphone. Cookies have various functions, for example, a cookie can store your language preferences or password token. Web beacons are electronic files invisibly embedded on web pages or in email to permit the sender to track online movements of web users. Cookies and web beacons do not usually contain any information that could personally identify you.
At this time we do not respond to browser ‘do not track’ signals, as we await the development of industry standards for how such signals should be interpreted.
You can turn off the use of cookies via the settings on your computer or your smartphone. Please note, turning off cookies can result in some functions of the website or Apps not working properly. You may directly opt-out from Google Analytics cookies by contacting Google.
Additional Information and Contacts
Children Under the Age of 13
Our services are directed to the general public. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age or have any reasonable grounds for believing that children under the age of 13 are accessing our Services or using our Apps. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, or if you wish to remove publicly available content, please contact us at  info@allintheloop.com  or the mailing address at: .
All In The Loop Ltd
Boundary Works
Chelford Road
Ollerton, Knutsford
Cheshire, WA16 8TA
Limitations of Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in the Apps or services, or at an event or function supported by All In The Loop technologies. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who may advertise through our Apps, and who may use technologies to serve ads or offer relevant information to you.
If you have questions about our use of your personal data, please contact us at: info@allintheloop.com  If you have questions about the event organizer’s use of your personal data, we recommend that you read and review the privacy policy of the event organizer and contact the event organizer if you still have questions.
Company
About Us
Clients
Products
Virtual Events
Hybrid Events
In-Person Events
Registration
Lead Retrieval
Advanced Streaming
Services
Project Management
Integrations
Support Team
Contact Us
Resources
Case Studies
Testimonials
Blog
Privacy Policy
/
Terms
/
Site Map
© All In The Loop 2022. All rights reserved.
When you visit or interact with our sites, services or tools, we or our authorised service providers may use cookies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster and safer experience and for marketing purposes.
Chat with us , powered by
LiveChat