Privacy
Mistplay Loyalty Program & Website Privacy Policy English English Français Português 한국어 Deutsch Italiano Español LAST UPDATED: September 25, 2023 ‍ This Privacy Policy has been updated to reflect developments in our Services, which may affect our Users, and to provide general updates to the structure and overview of this Policy so as to make it more accessible to you. Please review the Policy below for further details. ‍ ‍ PRIVACY POLICY OVERVIEW Please read the terms of this Mistplay User Privacy Notice (this “Policy”) carefully. The Policy describes to users (“User,” or “Users,” or “you”) how Mistplay Inc. (“Mistplay”, “we,” “us” or “our”) collects, uses, discloses or otherwise processes your personal data collected in connection with websites, mobile applications, progressive web applications, content, features, digital events or products we create or operate (the “Services”). This Policy is incorporated into and forms a part of Mistplay’s
Global Terms of Use
(the “Terms”). As used below, capitalized terms not defined in this Policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms. “Personal data” and “personal information” generally mean any information that directly or indirectly identifies you, which might vary slightly depending on applicable laws. Examples of personal data include your name, email address, gender, age, and other information about you such as data about your device or how you use the Services. This Policy does not govern your use of a third-party developer’s game that you discover and access through the Services. The processing of your data by the game developer (“Game Partners”) is governed by the game developer’s privacy policy which you should review prior to using their game and when exercising any rights subject to Game Partners privacy policy. ‍ Please note, if you are younger than 18, you are prohibited from registering for a Mistplay user account. Be sure to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the Policy. We may change or otherwise modify the Policy, such as in order to reflect changes in the Services. If we modify it, we will update the "Last Updated" date and will alert users that a change has occurred within the affected Services. Please do not use the Services if you do not accept the current Policy including any addendums that apply to you in
Annex A: Region-Specific Notices . ‍ ‍ 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
‍ Mistplay is the controller, within the meaning of applicable laws, with regard to the collection, processing and use of personal data in the context of the Services and as described in this Policy. This means Mistplay is responsible for deciding the purpose and the means of how your personal information will be used and processed. We collect information that you direct us to collect, such as your name and email when you set up a Mistplay account; indirectly, such as your IP address or device location when you download our app; and from other sources, such as public record sources; social media platforms; or information from our partners or clients, depending on our relationship with them for the purposes listed in this Policy and in accordance with applicable laws. We have specified the personal data we collect in
Annex B Table for Legal Processing Activities
to this Policy. ‍ ‍ 2. USE OF PERSONAL DATA ‍ Mistplay may link or combine the personal data we collect through several methods, including but not limited to artificial intelligence (“AI”), so that we may provide you with a personalized experience. We generally use personal data to: provide, deliver, monitor and improve our Services, which requires us to track third party app installations (conversions) to award points, offer rewards to Users based on their active usage of Game Partner applications and enable in-app gift card redemption. personalize the Services for you with tailored suggestions of games, features and events through the Services market Mistplay’s Services on third-party platforms, including mobile applications and websites offer participation in activities such as contests, sweepstakes and other digital events and determine winners meet operational and business transaction requirements such as billing, attribution of game installs, accounting, calculating Units earned in the Rewards Program and delivering prizes for contests, sweepstakes and other promotions verify your digital identity to prevent fraud and secure our platform and Services develop new products and update features in our Services create operational reports and develop insights about our business with aggregate data or in a format that is anonymized and cannot be used to re-identify Users communicate with you according to your preferences help train our machine learning and AI models to provide you with personalized content and user experience as well as for the purposes outlined in this Policy  troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems provide technical and customer support and respond to requests, complaints and feedback. The legal basis for Mistplay processing your personal data as described in this Policy will typically include one or more of the following: performance of our agreement with Users meeting our legal and compliance obligations our legitimate interest in, for example, monitoring, promoting and improving services we provide, providing customer support, securing the Services, assuring use of our Services in accordance with our
Terms , analyzing personal data and developing new products and services consent, when required by applicable laws, as further explained in the regional notices in
Annex A .   For more information on the legal basis for specific processing activities, see
Annex B . ‍ ‍ 3. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU ‍ We share data with the following third parties that support us in delivering and analyzing the Services. Corporate Affiliates and Transaction Parties . We may share your personal data with our subsidiaries or affiliates under common corporate control and with counterparties as part of corporate transactions such as merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisitions.    ‍ Law Enforcement, Regulators and Other Parties for Legal and Security Reasons.
We may disclose personal data when necessary to protect the legal rights of Mistplay, Users or third parties, in order to avoid fraud, manage our risks or comply with applicable laws, legal orders or processes. This includes exchanging information with other companies for these purposes. In these cases, we disclose personal data to comply with legal obligations or to protect the legitimate interests of Mistplay or affected third parties. Service Providers.
We have agreements with various service providers to facilitate delivery of our Services, which include those we engage to give customer support, operate the technical infrastructure needed to provide the Services, assist in providing you rewards and protecting and securing our systems and Services and to help market Mistplay Services.  ‍ Service providers that we use are required by contract to have the same level of privacy protection as we have and will follow the standards of this Policy. Other providers enable us to tailor the Services we provide to you and may also combine the personal data we share with them with other data they collect about you, e.g. your use of their services. ‍ Advertising Platforms and Networks.
We partner with certain providers to either display advertising on their sites, conduct analytics in relation to advertisements or to manage our advertising on other sites. Personal information we disclose to these vendors include device IDs and IP addresses to keep or exclude as part of advertising campaigns for Mistplay in order to limit the number of times Users view a specific campaign and to assure we enforce user preferences about receiving messages.  Marketing Vendors . Our marketing vendors offer general campaign support, administer testing, deliver events to engage with Users and surveys, contests and sweepstakes, subject to applicable law. If you choose to participate in one of these offers, your personal data may be disclosed to these marketing vendors for record keeping purposes, as required by law (e.g to names of sweepstakes winners). ‍ Analytics . We work with several providers that help us analyze and understand the personal data about you and develop trends, patterns and insights to optimize sales, improve our Services and create new products. These analytics providers also support billing and attribution by providing and analyzing Gameplay Data. Game Partners . We may share personal information with our Game Partners, including in some cases, their mobile measurement partners, to provide you, among other things, with personalized content, for marketing purposes, to grow our business and for attribution of game installs and for reporting purposes. If you choose to access a game recommended through our Services, you will share your personal data with the Game Partner that develops the game, subject to the Game Partners’s privacy policies. ‍ Mistplay may also disclose aggregated information about Users along with information that does not and cannot identify any individual or device, except where limited by applicable laws. For example, we may use anonymized user ratings, review of apps and aggregated information for statistical and machine learning purposes, to provide insights into developing or enhancing Services, for marketing and advertising and for other legally permissible purposes such as testing our IT systems and features. For more information regarding the sharing of data with third parties please review the applicable sections below and notices within
Annex A
or contact us as instructed below. ‍ 4. HOW WE STORE , TRANSFER AND SECURE PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU ‍ We are based in Canada and we store information that we collect from your device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. The information that we collect may be transferred, stored, or used in other jurisdictions, where some of our providers may be located. While we protect your information by choosing appropriate providers and having contractual safeguards in place with those vendors, the privacy laws in such jurisdictions may not be as protective as in, for example, Canada or the EU. ‍ We maintain administrative, organizational procedures, technical and physical safeguards, consistent with legal requirements where the personal data was obtained, designed to ensure the security and confidentiality against unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of, or access to, the personal data we collect and process.  ‍ If you are resident of a country in Europe, please see
Annex A
below for more information on international data transfers that are applicable to you. ‍ 5. EXERCISING OF YOUR RIGHTS ‍ You can always update preferences and exercise rights you may have under applicable data protection laws by contacting us as directed below. However, if you do choose to change preferences, opt-out or withdraw consent where it has been given, your experience with our Services may change, be diminished or your ability to use some of the features and options in our Services may be limited (such as access to Units and the Rewards Program described in our Terms). Please keep us informed if your personal data changes or should be corrected. ‍ For a description of the specific rights with respect to accessing and deleting personal information that are provided to residents of certain European countries, Korea and the states of California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia, please see
Annex A
for Region-Specific Notices. We will handle your request in accordance with applicable laws, such as in relation to response time, verification of identity and content. If we cannot provide you with access to your personal data, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions. ‍ Depending on your jurisdiction, your rights may include: The Right to Opt Out of Marketing Communications sent by Mistplay . This can be done also by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the marketing  or promotion email you receive. Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing or promotion messages from us, we may still send you important Service-related messages, from which you cannot opt out. You can opt out of receiving push notifications through your device settings. Please note that opting out of receiving push notifications may impact your use of the Services. The Right to Withdraw Consent . Where you provided us with your consent, you may withdraw your consent to the collection and processing of personal data at any time by sending a written request to Privacy@Mistplay.Com. Upon receiving notice that you have revoked your consent, we will stop processing your personal data without undue delay. Withdrawing consent may impact your use of the Services, such as access to certain events and eligibility for earning rewards. The Right to Erase Your Personal Data or Delete Your account . By deleting your account, any Units that you have earned and not redeemed will be deleted. Please note that we will send you an email requesting your confirmation before we delete your account, and we may not be able to delete all data you requested, for instance to comply with applicable tax laws. ‍ The Right to Object to the Processing of Personal Data . If we receive such a request, we will review your objection and delete personal data that we processed for the purpose to which you objected without undue delay, unless another legal basis for processing and retaining this data exists or applicable law requires us to retain the data. ‍ 6. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION ‍ 6. 1 CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
‍ In accordance with the Terms, you may not use the Service if you are under 18 years old.
Mistplay is committed to complying with laws protecting children, within the meaning of applicable law. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us. ‍ 6. 2 DATA RETENTION ‍ Mistplay will only retain personal data for as long as is required by law, as long as you use the Services, or as long as is necessary to meet the purposes for which it was collected.  For example, Mistplay account balances or rewards earned as of termination must be preserved for some period to allow for such matters as billing and tax reporting. Specifically, we destroy your personal information or store it separately if you do not interact with our services for 5 years.  Note, under the Terms, if a User does not use the Service for at least one hundred eighty days, the User’s inactive account may be terminated, Units earned may automatically expire and personal data may be deleted. ‍ You may also ask us to delete your account. By deleting your account, however, any Units that you have earned and not redeemed will be deleted. Otherwise, if we choose to maintain or use de-identified information, we continue to do so in a de-identified manner and will not attempt to re-identify you. To delete personal data held by Game Partners, you must contact them as directed under the terms of the Game Partners privacy policy. ‍ 6. 3 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ‍ Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use technologies, such as cookies, web beacons (also known as pixel, tags or clear gifs) or software development kits (SDKs) as part of Services we deliver to you. We use these technologies to secure and improve our Services, to understand your preferences, collect information about your activity, browser and device and tailor our Services to your interests. We may also use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our service providers, including advertisers and marketing vendors. A cookie is a small text file that allows us to remember your actions and preferences on the website (such as your login details, your language settings and your font size preference) over a period of time so you don't have to re-enter them whenever you come back to the website or browse from one page to another.   ‍ Some web browsers provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. The procedure for managing cookies is slightly different for each internet browser. You can check the specific steps in your particular browser help menu. You also may be able to reset device identifiers or opt-out from having identifiers collected or processed by using the appropriate setting on your mobile device. Depending on your jurisdiction, we get your permission before we set certain cookies and other tracking technologies. For more information on how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, please review our
Cookie Notice . ‍ 7. CONTACT US
‍ If you have questions that do not relate to this Policy or data privacy, please write to our customer support team and
Submit a Request . To exercise applicable data protection rights or comment about this Policy and our privacy practices to the extent you may enjoy any data subject rights as per privacy laws applicable to you, you may reach out to our data protection office at:  ‍ Data Privacy Officer Mistplay Inc. 481 Viger St, Suite 300, Montreal Quebec, Canada, H2Z1G6 or via email at
Privacy@Mistplay.Com ‍ ANNEX A: REGION-SPECIFIC NOTICES ‍ We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal data about residents of certain countries, regions or states. ‍ EUROPE AND UNITED KINGDOM NOTICE ‍ 1. SPECIFIC RIGHTS FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, SWITZERLAND AND THE UNITED KINGDOM (“EEA, SUI & UK”) ‍ This Europe and United Kingdom Notice  provides additional information for users in the EEA, SUI and UK. Unless otherwise set forth in this Europe and United Kingdom Notice  all other terms and principles in Mistplay’s
Global Privacy Policy
continue to apply.  ‍ Users in the EEA and UK have certain privacy rights as specified under applicable law, including the General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”), SUI Article 13 of the Swiss Constitution and Federal Act on Data Protection (DPA) and UK Data Protection Act 2018. The Policy and the privacy controls we offer to all users are in line with these laws. As a resident of the EEA, SUI & UK, you also have certain specific rights regarding your personal data. You are free to exercise any of these rights by contacting us or as specified herein: ‍ Access . You have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we process about you. However, there are exceptions to this right, so that access may be denied if, for example, making the information available to you would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another person, or if we are legally prevented from disclosing such information.
Accuracy . We aim to keep your personal data accurate and complete. We encourage you to keep us informed about changes that you would like reflected in our records. Objecting . In certain circumstances, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data. You may ask us to block, erase or limit the use or other processing of your personal data.
Rectification . You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to complete your personal data.  Data Portability . Provided further legal requirements are fulfilled, you have the right to request that some of your personal data is provided to you, or, where technically feasible, to have your personal data transmitted to another provider should you wish to stop using our Services in favor of another, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Erasure . You have the right to erase or request that we erase your personal data as far as legal requirements for erasure are fulfilled, such as when your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. Automated Decision-Making . You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you as far as further legal requirements are fulfilled.  Complaints . You have the right to issue a complaint with the applicable data protection authority For France, you also have the right to provide guidelines relating to the retention, deletion and communication of your personal data after your death The specific further legal requirements for the exercise of these rights depend on the applicable statutory data protection laws. For your protection, we only fulfill requests for the personal data associated with the email address that you identify in your request, and we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling certain requests. As an EEA, SUI or UK data subject, you may access your rights with respect to Mistplay by communicating as directed in the Contact Us section of the Policy ‍ 2. SUBMITTING COMPLAINTS ‍ If you are resident in the EEA, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the regulator in your jurisdiction. To find out how to contact your local regulator, please visit
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en . If you reside in the UK, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO“), the UK regulator for data protection issues. You can make a complaint via the ICO’s website ( https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/ ). This website also provides additional contact details for the ICO. ‍ 3. TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA ‍ For EEA, SUI & UK based users, your personal data may be transferred outside of the EEA for example to countries where we have facilities or engage service providers, such as to the United States where our corporate affiliate and our hosting provider, are located.  By consenting to the transfer of your personal data outside of your country of residence, you acknowledge that your personal information may be transferred to recipients in the United States and other countries that may not offer the same level of privacy protection as the laws in your country of residence or citizenship. Some of the non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards. For transfers from the EEA to countries not recognized by the European Commission as offering an adequate level of data protection, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission to protect your personal data. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in countries outside the EEA may be entitled to access your personal data. If you would like to receive a copy of our implemented safeguards (where possible) you can contact us as directed in the Policy. ‍ SPECIFIC NOTICE FOR RESIDENTS OF UNITED STATES ‍ 1. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA, USA ‍ This section applies to the personal information of residents of California and supplements the other sections of Mistplay’s
Global Privacy Policy , which continue to apply Collection and Use of Personal Information : We have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the past 12 months: Category Examples Source Business purpose Identifiers Name, email, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, account name, and phone number User provided on registration and upon redeeming points using online catalog; customer service inquiries and claim forms; related and third-party sources to verify user supplied information; selfie in video format Operational purposes including customer service; fraud & security incident detection; website improvement; award prize winners; and deliver our Services to you, including personalized recommendations and advertisements Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Age and gender Directly from you Recommend suitable Games To recommend suitable games and rewards Internet or other similar network activity Browsing and search history, or information about your interaction with a website, application, or advertisement System-collected activity logs and cookies To determine performance of media content and analytics purposes and to secure our Services Approximate geolocation data Country Identified using IP address To recommend games based on your country and to secure ou rServices Inferences drawn from other personal information Profile reflecting your preferences Other personal information To recommend games based on preference Sensitive personal information The processing of video selfies to ensure the uniqueness of your user registration Video selfies To ensure that rewards are not earned through bots, automated processes, or fraudulent use of software Please note that we use and disclose sensitive personal information only for purposes expressly permitted under California law. For your information, personal data does not include publicly available information from government records and de-identified or aggregated consumer information. ‍ Disclosure of Personal Information :
We may disclose your personal information to third parties for the business purposes outlined in the chart above.  In the past 12 months, we may have disclosed your personal information for a business purpose or at your direction.  For more details on third parties we share data with see the
How We Share Personal Information About You
section of this Policy. Although we do not “sell” personal information in exchange for money, some of our sharing of personal information as part of our Services may be classified as a “sale” under applicable California laws. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of anyone under the age of 16. ‍ Retention of Your Data :
Mistplay will only retain personal data for as long as you use the Services, as required by law or for as long as it is required to meet the purposes for which it was collected.  For example, Mistplay account balances or rewards earned as of termination must be preserved for some period to allow for such matters as billing and tax reporting. Note, under the
Terms , if a user does not use the Service for at least one hundred eighty days, the user’s inactive account may be terminated, units earned may automatically expire, subject to the Terms of Use and the user’s personal data may be destroyed. ‍ Notice of Financial Incentive : Under California law, the Rewards Program enables you to earn Units and may be considered a financial incentive provided in exchange for the collection and retention of personal information. While Mistplay does not assign a monetary value to the data that we collect, based on our reasonable estimate, the value received from the insights and the Rewards Program is reasonably equal to or greater than the value Mistplay receives from the use of this information. Mistplay uses the information to better understand how you use our Services, to improve our products and Services and to further enhance our user analytics. Note that participation in the Rewards Program is completely voluntary and you can withdraw at any time.  For further details of the Rewards Programs and its terms, including how to withdraw or terminate your participation, please refer to
Terms . ‍ Your CCPA Rights :
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) grants California consumers the following rights with respect to their personal information: Right to Know . You have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. Right to Delete . You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Right to Correct . You have the right request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. Right to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing . You have the right to opt out of sales of your personal information to third parties and to opt out of the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising, if applicable. Right to Limit Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information . You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information to certain specific business purposes. Right to Non-discrimination . You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Exercising Your Rights : You may opt out of sales and/or sharing or  exercise your right to limit the use/disclosure of your sensitive personal information by sending a request to
Privacy@Mistplay.Com . We also honor requests to opt-out submitted via privacy preference signals, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC). (For more information on the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the GPC signal, see
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ )  ‍ You may submit requests to know, delete, or correct by contacting us as directed in the Policy. To make such a request, please include the phrase “Personal Information Privacy Request” in the subject line, the Service you are inquiring about, along with your name, address, and email address. If we receive a request to delete your data, we will ask you if you want your personal information to be removed entirely or if you want to be kept on a list of individuals who do not want to be contacted in the future (for a specified period or otherwise). We cannot keep a record of individuals whose personal information we have deleted so you may be contacted again by us, should we come into possession of your personal information at a later date. Requests to know and requests to delete will be honored within 45 days; if more time is needed to respond, Mistplay will notify you. ‍ The CCPA enables California users to appoint an authorized agent to act on their behalf to submit disclosure requests and or deletion requests under the CCPA. We will honor a request from an authorized agent provided that: i) you provide written authorization to the authorized agent to act on your behalf and we can verify your identity, and ii) the agent submits proof of authorization. ‍ Browser “Do Not Track” Signals.
Most browsers contain a “do-not-track” setting.  In general, when a “do-not-track” setting is active, the user’s browser notifies other websites that the user does not want their personal information and online behavior to be tracked and used, for example, for interest-based advertising.  As required by California law, we are required to inform you that, as is the case with most websites, we do not honor or alter our behavior when a user to one of our Websites has activated the “do-not-track” setting on her/his browser. ‍ 2. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR RESIDENTS OF COLORADO, CONNECTICUT AND VIRGINIA, USA
‍ This section applies to the personal data of residents of Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia and supplements the other sections of this Policy. ‍ For information on the categories of personal data that we collect, the purposes for which we process that personal data, and how we disclose that personal data, please refer to the
Information We Collect About You ,
Use of Personal Data and Legal Basis for Processing ,
and
How We Share Personal Information About You
sections above, as well as
Annex B: Table for Legal Processing Activities
below. For an explanation of the types of information we share with third parties, please refer to the
Disclosures of Personal Information
section in the
Additional Disclosures for Residents of California
notice above. ‍ In some cases we may share your information with third parties who may use your information for their own purposes, including for purposes of marketing and advertising. These disclosures may be considered “sales” or “targeted advertising” under applicable privacy laws. For more information about the categories of personal data that we may sell to or share with third parties, and the categories of such third parties, see the
Disclosure of Personal Information
subsection in the
Additional Disclosures for Residents of California, USA
section above. ‍ Depending on where you reside, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have the following rights with respect to your personal data: ‍ Access .
You may have the right to request that we confirm whether we process your personal data and that we provide you access to such personal data.  Data Portability .
You may have the right to request that we provide a copy of your personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. Correction. You may have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in the personal data that we process. Deletion.
You may have the right to request deletion of your personal data. Opt Out of Sales and Targeted Advertising . You may have the right to request that we not process your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, sales, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined by applicable state law.  Opt Out of Profiling . You may have the right to request that we not process your personal data for the purpose of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. ‍ You may opt out of sales and/or targeted advertising using information as directed in the Policy. Where required, we also honor requests to opt-out submitted via privacy preference signals recognized under applicable local law, such as the GPC. ‍ You may submit requests to exercise your other rights as directed in the Policy. Please include the phrase “Personal Information Privacy Request” in the subject line, the Service you are inquiring about, along with your name, address, and email address. If we receive a request to delete your personal data, we will ask you if you want your personal data to be removed entirely or if you want to be kept on a list of individuals who do not want to be contacted in the future (for a specified period or otherwise). We cannot keep a record of individuals whose personal data we have deleted, so you may be contacted again by us, should we come into possession of your personal data at a later date.  ‍ You may also have the right to appeal a refusal to take action on your request as directed in the Policy. Depending on where you reside, you may also use an authorized agent to act on your behalf to submit requests to exercise your rights. We will honor a request from an authorized agent provided that: i) you provide written authorization to the authorized agent to act on your behalf and we can verify your identity, and ii) the agent submits proof of authorization. ‍ SOUTH KOREA NOTICE For additional disclosures specific to Users in South Korea, please see the
PERSONAL INFORMATION PROCESSING POLICY
and made available at
https://www.mistplay.com/legal/privacy-centre . ‍ ANNEX B: TABLE FOR LEGAL PROCESSING ACTIVITIES ‍ PROCESSING PURPOSE Categories of data used 1. Sources Account creationand editing, and toprovide access toand deliver ourServices. - First and last name, age, gender, email, phone number,account preferences and other communication when youreach out to us directly and take part in Promotions wemight run. (“Account Data”). - In accordance with your privacy settings on a socialnetwork, the third party profile (e.g. Facebook, Google,Kakao) you provide for sign-up, including the first nameand last name displayed and information you provided onsuch profiles (including information in your posts), as wellas the email address and profile ID for these platforms(“Personal Data from Third-Party Social Networks”).Where offered and as required by applicable laws, you maychoose to register for and sign-in to your Mistplay accountusing your email address. Processing is necessary for theperformance of a contract with theUser (i.e. the account creation).Without this information we will notbe able to provide the service youhave requested. User consent To maintain andimprove theServices - Account Data ‍ - Personal Data from Third-Party Social Networks - IP address (including approximate location and country),exact geolocation data (including longitude and latitude),mobile device identifier, advertising identifier (e.g. Googleadvertising ID) or other unique identifiers, data about youroperating system, device model and device language, logdata (e.g. network connection type, applications connectedto the platform including the site you came from, go tonext, and the web page(s) you access during your sessionin the platform). We also collect data on whether certainapps relevant to the platform are already installed on yourdevice (“Device Data”). It is in our legitimate interest tomaintain and improve our Servicesin order to provide you with the bestpossible Service. ‍ Where required by applicable lawswe will obtain your consent. Enabling you to redeem rewards earned in our Services or claim prizes on our Promotions - Account Data - Directly or indirectly we collect data related to software or applications when you play and engage with games discovered in our Service. We also collect in-game purchase information, if shared by Game Partners, including transaction types and use of virtual items, game achievements, statistics and information on bugs and malfunctions (“Gameplay Data”). - When redeeming a reward, Mistplay verifies your face via a “video selfie” using third-party face verification technology. This video selfie provides us with a mathematical representation of your face generated through our third party provider. This video selfie is encrypted on your device before being sent to our servers for processing, and is linked to your user account. We use this information to ensure the uniqueness of your user registration within the platform and to ensure that rewards are not earned through bots, automated processes or fraudulent use of software (“ Video Selfie ”). - Device Data (with precise geolocation) - Session ID, information on how you access the Services(including frequency, what time, how long, and from which device(s)), and your approximate location or the country from which you are accessing the Services(“ Usage Data ”). reward or prize from Promotions we run). Without this information we will not be able to provide the service you have requested. Processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of Mistplay to enable you to redeem rewards, and to prevent abuse of Reward Program. You may object to the video selfie, however this may mean that you will not be able to redeem rewards. Where required by applicable laws, we will rely on User consent. Personalization of ads and targeted advertising - Account Data - Device Data - Gameplay Data It is our legitimate interest to show you advertisements that are tailored to your interests
Where required by applicable laws we will obtain your consent. Personalization of the Service and building User profiles - Account Data - Personal Data from Third -Party Social Networks - Device Data - Gameplay Data - Usage Data It is our legitimate interest to provide you with a Service personalized to your needs. Where required by applicable laws we will obtain your consent. Monitor and analyze usage and activity trends, including measuring the effectiveness of our Services and marketing campaigns - Account Data - Device Data - Gameplay Data - Usage Data It is in our legitimate interest to monitor and analyze the use and effectiveness of our Services in order to improve our Services. ‍ Where required by applicable laws we will obtain your consent. Send marketing communications, surveys and participating in User testing - Account Data - Other voluntary data you may provide when you are participating in our surveys or User testing phases. This can include income range, occupation, preference for games and other choices. It is in our legitimate interest to keep you updated on our existing and new Services by sending you relevant marketing communications and surveys, and to process the data that we collect in this respect or via User testing. ‍ Where required by applicable laws we will obtain your consent. Customer service, including when contacting us by phone, email or otherwise - Account Data - Personal Data from Third-Party Social Networks - Device Data It is in our legitimate interest to provide you with customer support.  ‍ Where required by applicable laws we will obtain your consent. Security and fraud prevention - Account Data - Personal Data from Third-Party Social Networks - Device Data (including exact geolocation with longitude and latitude) - Usage Data It is in our and your legitimate interest to keep our platform safe and secure and to protect our Services from fraud, and to protect your personal data and our systems from any security incidents or personal data breaches. ‍ Where required by applicable laws we will obtain your consent. ADVERTISING Overview Partners Case Studies THE COMPANY About Us Careers Achievements Legal COMMUNITY Resources Blog Support FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Policy Privacy Center © 2022 Mistplay