Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
. Contact Us Closest Location: Locations 419.798.4471 Home Personal Business
Resources Rates Calculators Internet Banking Easy Bill Pay Zelle Privacy Policy App Privacy Notice
About Us Locations History Contact Us Personal Sign In Business Sign In Privacy Policy & Disclaimer ‍ Privacy Policy The Marblehead Bank collects, retains, and uses information about individual customers only when we believe it would be useful (and allowed by law) in administering our business and to provide products, services, and other opportunities to customers. This information is collected from application information, transaction information, and consumer report information. We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to employees and third party service providers who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your non-public personal information. The Marblehead Bank makes disclosures to third party service providers only as permitted by law. Disclaimer Outbound Hyperlinks:
The hypertext links or pointers displayed on this page are for the convenience of our customers and go to information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. The Marblehead Bank does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of this outside information. Further, the inclusion of links or pointers to particular items in hypertext is not intended to reflect their importance, nor is it intended to endorse any views expressed, or products or services offered, on these outside sites, or the organizations sponsoring the site. E-mail Solicitations:
It is important for our customers and potential customers to understand our bank and employees will never ask you to divulge any personal information about you or your accounts via an e-mail solicitation. Any attempt asking for personal or account information by e-mail should be considered an attempt by someone other than The Marblehead Bank to gain access to your information and/or bank account. Do not respond to any e-mail described above and as always you may contact an employee of The Marblehead Bank by telephone with any questions or concerns. Interest Rates & APY:
It is our intent these be as accurate as possible, but are only intended to be representation. To get the most accurate and up to date Rates and A.P.Y. please contact one of our employees by phone.
Email Connect with us at your convenience - send us an email today. help@marbleheadbank.com
Phone Speak to a real person and get the answers you need - give us a call. (419) 798-4471
Office Visit one of our convenient office locations today. ‍ Locations Home Personal Business Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy & Disclaimer © 2023 Marblehead Bank. All rights reserved.