Privacy Policy
We want to let you know that we store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. To opt out please decline.
Privacy Policy Cookies Settings Decline Ok ✕
Manage consent preferences
Reject all
Accept all
We use cookies to optimize website functionality, analyze the performance, and provide personalized experience to you. Some cookies are essential to make the website operate and function correctly. Those cookies cannot be disabled. In this window you can manage your preference of cookies.
Strictly necessary cookies
Always allowed
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookies details
Name localization Provider Shopify Domain shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 1 years Purpose Shopify store localization Name secure_customer_sig Provider Shopify Domain shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 1 years Purpose Used in connection with customer login. Name cart_currency Provider Shopify Domain shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 15 Session Purpose Used in connection with shopping cart. Name keep_alive Provider Shopify Domain shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 31 minutes Purpose Used in connection with buyer localization.
Functional cookies
toggle functionality cookies
These cookies enable the site to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies details
Performance cookies
toggle performance cookies
These cookies enable us to monitor and improve the performance of our website. For example, they allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and see which parts of the site are most popular.
Cookies details
Name _shopify_y Provider Shopify Domain .shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 1 years Purpose Shopify analytics. Name _shopify_s Provider Shopify Domain .shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 31 minutes Purpose Shopify analytics. Name _orig_referrer Provider Shopify Domain .shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 14 Session Purpose Tracks landing pages. Name _landing_page Provider Shopify Domain .shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 14 Session Purpose Tracks landing pages. Name _y Provider Shopify Domain .shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 1 years Purpose Shopify analytics. Name _s Provider Shopify Domain .shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 31 minutes Purpose Shopify analytics.
Targeting cookies
toggle targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies details
Name __kla_id Provider Klaviyo Domain shop-jazwares.myshopify.com Path / Type First-party Retention 1 years Purpose Tracks when someone clicks through a Klaviyo email to your website
Close
Save preferences
Powered by Pandectes
Skip to content
Jazwares
Squishmallows
Get
FREE SHIPPING
when you spend $35 or more!
Get
FREE SHIPPING
when you spend $35 or more!
Order by the 25th to get your goodies by Halloween.
Order by the 25th to get your goodies by Halloween.
Corporate
Brands
AEW
Big Fat Yarn
Blippi
Cocomelon
Costume Play
Dino Ranch
First Act
Fortnite
Halo
Jazwares Pets
Micro Machines
Nerf
Spidey and Friends
Squishmallows
Squishville
Star Wars Micro Galaxy Squadron
Shop All
Ages
0-12 Months
1-2 Years
3-5 Years
5-8 Years
8+ Years
Shop All
Categories
Action Figures & Playsets
Costumes
Dolls
Musical Toys
Plush
Gift Card
Shop All
Brands
AEW
Big Fat Yarn
Blippi
Cocomelon
Costume Play
Dino Ranch
First Act
Fortnite
Halo
Jazwares Pets
Micro Machines
Nerf
Spidey and Friends
Squishmallows
Squishville
Star Wars Micro Galaxy Squadron
Shop All
Ages
0-12 Months
1-2 Years
3-5 Years
5-8 Years
8+ Years
Shop All
Categories
Action Figures & Playsets
Costumes
Dolls
Musical Toys
Plush
Gift Card
Shop All
Account
Wishlist
Squishmallows
Corporate
0
Privacy Policy Jazplus, LLC Privacy Policy
Jazwares, LLC Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  June 12, 2023
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT 1
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION 5
HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 6
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS 8
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS 8
NOTICE AT COLLECTION AND SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS AND RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN OTHER STATES 10
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 12
RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 13
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION 13
ACCESSIBILITY 14
REDRESS/COMPLIANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY 14
CONTACT US 15
OTHER RIGHTS AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION 15
SUPERSEDED DOCUMENTS 15
Jazwares, LLC and its operating divisions, subsidiaries, affiliates and branches (collectively, “ Jazwares ,” the “ Company ,” “ we ,” or “ us ”) want you to be informed about our online data protection. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we may collect, use and share your personal information when you interact with us, visit our  websites (each a “ Site ”), use our mobile applications (any, an “ App ”), or participate and other online offerings (collectively, the “ Services ”). This Privacy Policy is also designed to help you understand and exercise your privacy rights and choices.
1 PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The types of personal information we may collect (directly from you or from third party-sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with Jazwares, and the requirements of applicable law. We collect information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and information from other sources such as third-party services and organizations, as described below.  For residents of certain jurisdictions, additional disclosures about the information we collect is available in our supplemental disclosure below.
Information You Provide to Us Directly
We may collect personal information from you in a few ways, for example:
Account Creation.
When you create an account or register with us through one of our Sites or Apps, or if you create an account with us in conjunction with your use of our Services. For example, we may collect personal information such as  name, date of birth, phone number, email address and password. If you choose to provide us with optional profile information, this information will be associated with you and your account.
Communications with Us.
We may also collect personal information from you such as your email address, phone number, or mailing address when you choose to request information about our products and Services, register for a newsletter or loyalty program, contact customer service, or otherwise communicate with us.
Purchases.
We may collect personal information and details associated with your purchases, including payment information. Any payments made via our Services are processed by third-party payment processors. We do not directly collect or store any payment card information entered through our Services but may receive information associated with your payment card information (e.g., your billing details).
Surveys.
From time to time, we may ask you to participate in online surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information, which may include personal information. All information collected from your participation in our surveys is provided by you voluntarily.
Interactive Features.
We may collect information about you when you post content on the Sites. For example, when you interact with other users on the Sites by voting, commenting, posting a review or other materials, the Sites will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any personal information contained therein. Any information you provide using the public sharing features of the Services will be considered “public,” and will not be subject to the privacy protections set forth herein, unless otherwise required by applicable law. We encourage you to share your experiences on the Sites through independent social media outlets and may also provide links for you to post content to your independent social media accounts. We may collect information that you share on these independent social media sites. However, Jazwares will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) you grant us permission to do so such as within your profile settings; (b) we first provide notice to you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of a Service will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.
Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues . Our Sites and Apps may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend, colleague, or members of the community. Content information that you may provide will be used to send the content or link you request and will not be otherwise used by us. Please only share contact information of people from whom you have received permission and with whom you have a relationship (e.g., relative, friend, neighbor, or co-worker).
Promotional Activities . We may collect personal information you provide to participate in promotions we offer from time to time, such as sweepstakes or. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of sweepstakes and contest winners. We may partner with third parties on social media and online channels to carry out the contests or sweepstakes. Terms and conditions will accompany each promotion and will govern the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. If you choose to share your information to participate in our promotions, your personal information may be shared with such third parties.
Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events . We may collect personal information from individuals when we attend conferences, trade shows, and other events.
Business Development and Strategic Partnerships .
We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
Loyalty Programs . We may offer loyalty, referral or other promotional programs for interested customers. For example, if you are a frequent purchaser and you enroll in a loyalty program (any, a “ Loyalty Program ”) we may offer discounts, promotional items, or credit in connection with your purchases or other activities described in the terms applicable to the Loyalty Program (“ Program Terms ”). The personal information you provide when you sign up for the Program is used to keep track of your purchases and administer the Loyalty Program pursuant to the
Program Terms .
Job Applications and Recruiting.
If you apply for a job with any of our companies, we may collect information that will be used to assess your skills, qualifications, and interests to determine alignment with career opportunities with us or our affiliates and to communicate with you regarding the status of your application.  If you are offered and you accept a position with one of our organizations, your application data may become part of your worker file. Details about how we handle your personal information as an applicant or worker may be explained in a separate applicant and worker policy shown at the time your information is collected unless this Notice is shown instead.
Information Collected Automatically
We may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services:
Automatic Data Collection.
We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, MAC address, user settings, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, browser or device information, location information (including approximate location derived from IP address) and Internet service provider. We may also automatically collect information regarding your use of our Services such as pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use our Services.
Cookie Policy and Other Technologies . We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies (“ Technologies ”) to automatically collect information through your use of our Services.
Cookies . Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons . A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary . This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, application, and tools that are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity, improve security, or allow you to make use of functionalities we make available through our Sites or Services.
Performance-Related . We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how individuals use our Services.  We provide information about the privacy practices of some of the performance-related Technologies we use. For example, we use
Google Analytics . You may wish to review
Google Analytics’ Notice
to better understand how Google uses your personal information (including for its own purposes, e.g., for profiling or linking it to other data). To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click
here .
Functionality-Related . We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed.
Advertising or Targeting-Related . We may use first party or third-party Technologies, including cross-device tracking, to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third-party digital properties. We provide information about the privacy practices of some of the targeting Technologies we use. For example, we use
Google’s DoubleClick
product. For more information about Google’s use of your personal information, please visit Google’s Privacy Policy. To learn more about how to control Google’s use of your information for ads, please
click here.
Analytics . We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics information on our Services. Some of our analytics partners include
Google Analytics. For more information, please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy . To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click
here .
Referrals and Sharing Features.
Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral service; third parties may also use these services to upload information about you. In addition, we may collect information that other people provide about you when they use our Services, including information about you when they tag you. Our referral services may also allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.
Social Media Platforms . Our Services may contain
social media buttons, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube, which might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini programs. These features may collect personal information such as your IP address, the page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policies and terms of the social media companies providing them.
Verification Providers.
We use third-party services across our applications to verify the age of users and mitigate brute force logins as a means of Site safety and security. When you fill in certain forms, our service providers may evaluate various information (e.g., IP address, how long the visitor has been on the app, mouse movements) to detect if the activity is from an automated program instead of a human or to prevent fraudulent use of our Services. We retain certain data required for security and compliance as permitted by law.
Information from Other Sources.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information from these third-party applications as you have made available and permitted through your privacy settings.
2.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use and process your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, for administrative purposes, to comply with the laws, and to market our products and Services, as described below.
Provide our Services or Information.
We may use your information to fulfil requests for products, Services, or information, including information about potential or future Services, such as:
Managing your information and accounts, including business accounts;
Responding to questions, comments and requests;
Providing access to certain functionalities and features of our Services;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services, your participation in any Loyalty Program we may offer or other promotional offers;
Communicating with you about applicable policy changes;
Fulfilling your orders;
Processing and completing your transactions, including order confirmation, billing, enrolment in loyalty  or promotional programs and fulfilling products or Services; and
Allowing you to register for events.
Administrative and Legal Purposes.
We may use your personal information for various administrative purposes, such as:
Measuring interest in and improve Jazwares’ Services;
Pursuing our legitimate interests business interests as permitted by law (such as direct marketing, research and development - including marketing research, network and information security, and fraud prevention);
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Interacting with you if you contact us as a vendor or on behalf of another business;
Short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads;
Improving, upgrading, or enhancing our Services;
Alerting you about a product safety announcement or recall, or correction of an offer, promotion, or advertisement;
Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities;
Developing new ideas, products, content, processes and Services;
Ensuring internal quality control;
Verifying and authenticating individual identity, including requests to exercise your rights under this  Privacy Policy;
Maintaining our internal systems and other activities needed to maintain our Services;
Carrying out activities that are required to comply with our legal obligations, and
Enforcing our agreements and policies.
Marketing and Advertising our Products and Services.
We may use your personal information to tailor your experience with our Services and to provide you with content and advertisements as permitted by applicable law. Some of the ways we may market to you include email campaigns, text messages, custom audience advertising, and “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including through cross-device tracking.
Consent.
We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information, or with your consent.
Other Purposes .
We also use your information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable law, or to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access the Jazwares Site or other online services, or other analyses we create. Anonymized or aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in, use of various portions or features of the Sites, to optimally deliver our existing products and Services or develop new products and Services. To the extent that anonymized or aggregated information is not personal information, Jazwares may use such information in several ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics and any other legally permissible purposes. If we create or receive de-identified information, we will not attempt to re-identify such information, except to comply with applicable law.
Third-Party Brands, Websites and Applications .
The Services may display trademarks, logos, service marks, and other trade names owned by Jazwares subsidiaries or other parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of the personal information that we may process on behalf of any third parties through our commercial relationships with them, or their use of any of our services. The Services may also contain links to other websites/applications, and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or applications is at your own risk.
3.
HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We disclose your personal information to third parties for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, to protect us or others, or in the event of a major business transaction such as a merger, sale, or asset transfer, as described below.
Disclosures to Provide our Services
Service Providers.
We may share your personal information with our service providers. We have agreements in place with our service providers to ensure that they protect the personal information you provide in order to interact with us. The types of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust your personal information include service providers for: (i) provision of IT and related services; (ii) provision of information and services you have requested; (iii) facilitating our e-commerce platform and payment processing; (iv) customer service activities; and (v) in connection with the provision of the Services. By using our Services you understand and agree that we may change service providers from time to time, and will retain and transfer your personal information to such new or different service providers to ensure continuity of our Services and your experience with our Sites and Apps.
Business Partners.
Jazwares may share your personal information with our business partners to provide you with a product or service that you have requested. Jazwares may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you.
Affiliates.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates for our administrative purposes, including activities such as IT management, for them to provide services to you, or to support and supplement the Services we provide.
Other Users or Third Parties You Share or Interact With.
As described above in “ Personal Information We Collect ”, our Services may allow you to share personal information or interact with third parties (including individuals and third parties who do not use our Services and the public). We are not responsible for privacy practices of those who may view and use any information you post or otherwise make available through on our Sites, Apps or otherwise through, our Services.
Advertising Partners.
we may share your personal information with third-party advertising partners through our Services. These third-party advertising partners may set Technologies and other tracking tools on our Services to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, page(s), cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “cross-contextual behavioral advertising” or “personalized advertising.” The categories of data we may share and may have shared for the purpose of providing cross contextual advertising and targeted advertising include: online identifiers such as IP address, marketing id, device identifiers and characteristics; internet or other electronic network activity, such as browsing and usage information; and, inferences about individual preferences, characteristics, and behaviors.
APIs/SDKs.
We may use third-party Application Program Interfaces (“ APIs ”) and Software Development Kits (“ SDKs ”) as part of the functionality of our Services. For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth in “ Contact Us ” below.
We may also share your information with third parties as appropriate and permitted by law. The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are determined by applicable law and are described in the YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS Section of this Privacy Policy.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures) .
We may access, preserve, and disclose your personal information any information we store in association with you to external parties, if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) protect yours’, ours’ or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iv) to enforce Jazwares policies or contracts; (v) to collect amounts owed to Jazwares; (vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes, e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
4.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
All personal information sent or collected via or by Jazwares may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, in the United States, in the cloud, our servers, the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Those countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. If you reside outside the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or Brazil, have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
For more information about these safeguards, please contact us as set forth in “ Redress/Compliance and Accountability ” below.
5.
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are determined by applicable law and are described below. You have the right to opt out of and object to certain uses and disclosures of your personal information. Where you have consented to our use of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out by following the instructions in this Section.
Email Communications.
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt-out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt and in accordance with applicable law. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain communications regarding Jazwares and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms of Service or this Policy).
Text Messages and Phone Calls.
You may opt out of receiving text messages from us by following the instructions in the text message you have received from us or by otherwise contacting us. If you receive an unwanted phone call from us, you may opt out of receiving future phone calls from us by following the instructions which may be available on the call or by otherwise contacting us.
Mobile Devices.
We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device. With your consent, we may also collect precise location-based information via our mobile application. You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track”.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services.
Opt-Out Preference Signals.
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may opt out by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) on browsers and browser extensions that support such a signal. To download and use a browser supporting the GPC browser signal, visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
for more information. Cookies and Personalized Advertising.
You may stop or restrict the placement of certain Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences though the Cookie Banner on the Site you are visiting or as your device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, our Services may not work properly. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for
Android ,
iOS
and
other s . The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative ,
the Digital Advertising Alliance ,
the European Digital Advertising Alliance , and
the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada . Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Your Privacy Rights.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Access Personal Information
about you, including: (i) confirming whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information;
Request Correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information;
Request Deletion
of your personal information when processing is based on your consent or when processing is unnecessary, excessive or noncompliant and not subject to a legal exception;
Request Restriction of or Object to
our
processing of your personal information when processing involves processing or sharing your
sensitive personal information
for certain purposes, or processing your personal information for purposes of
profiling
in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
Withdraw your Consent
to our processing of your personal information. Please note that your withdrawal will only take effect for future processing, and will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal;
Request an electronic copy of personal information
you have provided to us;
Delete your account
and cancel your participation in any Loyalty Program by signing into your account and reviewing the Program Terms;
Be informed
about certain details about our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information such as: specific pieces of personal information we collected about you; the categories of personal information we collected about you; the categories of sources from which we collect personal information about you; the categories of personal information that we have disclosed about you for a business purpose; the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information for a business purpose; and, our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.; and
Request the review of decisions
taken exclusively based on automated processing
if they could affect your data subject rights.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth in “ Contact Us ”
below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
6.
NOTICE AT COLLECTION AND SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS AND RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN OTHER STATES
This Notice at Collection and Supplemental Notice is for residents of States that have adopted comprehensive privacy legislation and others that may come into effect from time to time, including, but not limited to California, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah and Virginia (collectively, “ Applicable State Laws ”). The following table describes the categories of personal information Jazwares has collected and whether we have disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider).
Category of Personal Information Collected by Jazwares
Category of Third Parties Information Is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Service providers
Other Users/Public (content you share)
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name, address, telephone number, and financial information.
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Age (40 years or older)
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Commercial information
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Advertising networks
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Advertising networks
Geolocation data
Physical location or movements.
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Advertising networks
Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Advertising networks
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences.
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Advertising networks
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “ PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ” and “ HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ” above, respectively.
“Sales” of Personal Information
Residents of certain states have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. A “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). We do not sell personal information as the term is commonly understood but may share personal information with third-party advertising partners for the purpose of promoting our Services as described above, such as for cross-context behavioral advertising and may be considered to “sell” personal information. To the extent that such sharing is considered a “sale” under applicable law, the categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed below.  To the extent that such sharing is considered a “sale” under applicable laws that extend rights to you, you may limit such sharing by following the instructions found above in the section titled, Your Privacy Choices and Rights, by Contacting Us as described in this Privacy Policy or by clicking the Do Not Sell Button below. Jazwares does have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
To opt out of sale, please click here:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-Discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any rights conferred to you under Applicable State Laws.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “ Contact Us ” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification . To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include asking you to answer questions regarding your account and use of our Services .
Notice of Financial Incentive . We may offer loyalty, referral programs or other promotional programs for interested customers. For example, we may offer incentives to you such as discounts or promotional items or credit in connection with these programs, wherein you provide your personal information in exchange for a reward or provide personal information regarding your friends or colleagues (such as their email address) and receive rewards when they sign up to use our Services. (The referred party may also receive rewards for signing up via your referral.) We may also sponsor other programs such as sweepstakes, contests, or other similar programs with commercial incentives (collectively “ Promotional Activities ”).  When you sign up to participate in any of our Promotional Activities, we typically collect basic personal information such as name and contact information to administer the Promotional Activities based on their Program Terms and or other rules that you accept when enrolling or signing up for them. Because these Promotional Activities involve the collection of personal information, they may be considered a “financial incentive” program under certain Applicable State Laws. Participating in Promotional Activities is  entirely voluntary and allows us to grow our business and provide additional benefits to you. The value of any personal information you provide when participating in any Promotional Activity is related to the value of the various benefits, perks or discounted products or services you may qualify for pursuant to such Promotional Activities, less our costs related to administering the Promotional Activities from time to time. Said value will be reflected in the incentive offered in connection with any such Promotional Activity.
The California “Shine the Light” law.
The California “Shine the Light” law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and wish to inquire as to whether we have disclosed any personal information to third parties that qualifies under this provision, please “ Contact Us ”
as described below.
Right for Minors to Remove Posted Content . Where required by law, California residents under the age of 18 may request to have their posted content or information removed from the publicly-viewable portions of the Services by contacting us directly as set forth in “ Contact Us ”
below or logging into their account and removing the content or information using our self-service tools.
Although Jazwares makes good faith efforts to honor individual privacy requestss, there may be circumstances in which Jazwares is unable to honor particular requests.  For example, and always in accordance with applicable laws, our ability to honor privacy requests may be limited in cases where the information is protected under legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to an individual’s privacy rights in the case in question, or where it such request would infringe on our proprietary information or trade secrets. If Jazwares determines that access should be restricted in any instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries.
7.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated and maintained with reasonable security and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Site or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
8. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Jazwares retains the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfil the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our products and services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. Additionally, we endeavor to retain all such personal information in accordance with legal requirements.
9. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
We take children’s privacy seriously and encourage parents to take an active role in protecting their children’s privacy and online experience. While our general marketing websites are not intended for users under the minimum age in their respective jurisdictions, we take different approaches to protecting children’s privacy based on the specific product, Site or Service we offer. For example:
For some Sites or Services, we may ask users to provide their age and provide a child-friendly experience to underage users, such as by disabling social media plug-ins, chat features, and certain types of notification alerts. We also limit personal information collection from children to only what is necessary to support the internal operations of our Services (such as preventing fraud), or where permitted by law (such as to respond directly to a child’s one-time request).
For some Services, we may seek verifiable parental consent for all users, or those who indicate they are underage. The consent mechanism may differ based on the product, but may involve either a credit card authorization, or email consent (where the parent must email
privacy@jazwares.com,
upon which the parent will be contacted and asked to return by email a verifiable consent form.
Our Services do not enable children to make their personal information publicly available, and we do not condition a child’s participation in an activity, like a contest, on the child’s disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has uploaded personal information to our site without your consent, or wish to review information collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us at
privacy@jazwares.com . Please be sure to include your child’s name and email address and your name and email address in your request. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account.
Third-Party Operators That May Collect or Maintain Children’s Personal Information.
For some Services that facilitate connection to third-party devices, other operators may collect or maintain personal information from children. As we develop connected toys, we will update this site with information identifying such third-party operators so you may direct your inquiries about other operators’ privacy policies and use of children’s personal information to that specific operator. Fuzzible Friends pairs with compatible Amazon Echo devices. For information regarding Amazon’s privacy policies, please see
Amazon’s Children’s Privacy Disclosure . For information about enabling the Fuzzible Skill on your Amazon Echo device, please click on “Learn More” within the Alexa app, under the Fuzzible Skill. You can manage parental consent through this
Amazon Dashboard
on a web browser.
10. ACCESSIBILITY
We are committed to ensuring that our communications are accessible to people with disabilities. To make accessibility-related requests or report barriers, please Contact Us as set forth below.
11.
REDRESS/COMPLIANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY
If you are located in certain jurisdictions, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law. If after reviewing this Privacy Policy, you would like to submit a request, you have any questions or privacy concerns, or you would like information about how to lodge a complaint with the appropriate authority, please Contact Us as set forth below.
If you reside in Germany, your local co-controller is:
Jazwares GmbH Mina-Rees-Str. 8
64295 Darmstadt
HRB 92958 Darmstadt Local Court
Attn: Data Protection Officer
privacy@jazwares.com
The contact details of the Jazwares GmbH Data Protection Officer are:
Johannes Heinlein
Moog & Partner Steuerberatungsgesellschaft mbH
Holzhofallee 15A
64295 Darmstadt
Datenschutz@Jazwares.com
If you reside in the United Kingdom, your local co-controller is:
Jaz Toys UK Ltd
16a Crane Grove Islington
London
N7 8LE
Attention: Privacy Director, privacy@jazwares.com
privacy@jazwares.com
Jazwares will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
12.
CONTACT US
Jazwares is the controller of the personal information we process under this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Jazwares Privacy Director:
privacy@jazwares.com
Jazwares, LLC
1067 Shotgun Road
Sunrise, FL 3326
Attention: Privacy Director
If you have a general inquiry and/or need to report a problem about a product or our Services more generally, you can contact customer support using one of the following addresses:
Jazwares Customer Support:   customerserviceus@jazwares.com
13.
OTHER RIGHTS AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Revisions to this Privacy Policy . We may revise this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion, so review it periodically.  You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use our Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy . If there are any material changes to this Policy, Jazwares will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy to our Sites and Apps, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable).
Cart There are no items in your cart. Continue Shopping
The Fun Never Ends!
Sign up now and be the first to know about our latest promotions, toys, and innovative play experiences. By submitting my email, I confirm I want to receive emails from Jazwares and other trusted Jazwares brands and programs. Click to read Jazware's
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Policy . © 2023 Jazplus, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Discover
About Jazwares
About Squishmallows
Gift Card
Corporate
Squishmallows News
Support
My Account
Shipping
Returns
Support & FAQ's
Contact
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
UGC
Do Not Sell My Information
© 2023 Jazplus, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Connect With Us
Attention!
By clicking “continue” you will leave our website and land on another site which has its own terms of use and privacy policies.
Continue
Cancel
Are You 13?
You must be 13 years of age to proceed. By selecting yes, I confirm I am 13 years of age or older. Click to read Jazware's
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Policy .
Yes, I'm 13 or older
No, I am not 13