About :: Kemba Charleston Federal Credit Union
­
Skip to navigation
Skip to search
Skip to content
Skip to site map
Apply
|
ATM Locator
|
Rates
|
Contact Us
Apply For A Loan Today
KembaConnection
Have you logged into Online Banking since update on October 19th?
Yes
No
Search
MENU MENU Home Accounts
Checking
Debit/ATM Order Checks Direct Deposit-Checking Privacy Policy
Savings
Direct Deposit-Savings Regular Shares Premium Savings IRA Rates Share Certificates Christmas Club
Kids’ Club
Little Star Savers Club Activities Contests/Drawings
Loans
Vehicle Loans
Auto ATV & Motorcycle RV GAP Insurance Vehicle Loan Application Repossessed Vehicles
Personal
MasterCard Line of Credit Share Secured Signature Loan Special Purpose
Mortgage
Purchase Refinance Home Equity 2nd Mortgage
Services
Online & Mobile
KembaConnection Online Bill Pay Mobile Banking Estatements Application Center
Other Services
Member Services Financial Counseling Convenience Travel Related Services Links
Insurance
TruStage
Products Offered
Resources
Tools
FAQ Newsletter Car Buying Tools Calculators
About Us
Membership
Eligibility Select Employee Groups
Community Involvement
Events Sponsorship
Contact Us
Phone Numbers Hours & Locations ATM Locator Email Us Member Voice Report Fraud Facebook
About
What's a Credit Union Financials Rates Fee Schedule Privacy Policy Our Bylaws
Accessibility
Site Map
Quick Links
Contact Us
Calculators
Rates
Application Center
Newsletter
About
What's a Credit Union Financials Fee Schedule Privacy Policy
What's a Credit Union
A credit union is a cooperative, not-for-profit financial institution organized to promote thrift and provide credit to members. It is member-owned and controlled through a board of directors elected by the membership.
The board serves on a volunteer basis and may hire a management team to run the credit union. The board also establishes and revises policy, sets dividend and loan rates, and directs certain operations.
The result: members are provided with a safe, convenient place to save and borrow at reasonable rates at an institution which exists to benefit them, not to make a profit.
Financials
Kemba Charleston Federal Credit Union Financial Status as of:
February 28, 2023
Total Shares:
$35,087,019
Total Loans:
$16,307,696
Total Assets:
$44,557,247
Capital: $ 8,400,881
No. of Members:
3,958
Fee Schedule
Share/Savings Account Fees
Fee Description
Fee Amount
IRA Share Accounts Administration (waived after sixty (60) days)
$ 50.00 if account is closed within (90) days of opening
Share Draft Account Fees
NSF fee:
$ 20.00 per item
Returned Item fee:
$ 20.00 per item
Stop Payment fee:
$ 10.00 per request
Share Draft/Checking Overdraft Transfer fee:
$ 1.00 per item
Share Draft Printing fee:
Prices may vary depending upon style
Share Draft Re Open Fee
$40.00
Christmas Club Withdraw
$10.00 per withdraw
Other Services Fees (applicable to all accounts)
Account Reconciliation fee:
$ 25.00 per hour
Account Research fee:
$ 25.00 per hour
Statement Copy fee:
$ 2.00 per page
Deposited Item Return fee:
$ 20.00 per item
Return Mail fee:
$5.00
Counter Checks
$0.50 per item
Check Copy
$5.00 per item
Inactive Account fee:
$ 5.00 per month after 1 year and account under $ 25.00
Incoming Wire Transfer Fee
$5.00 per transfer
Outgoing Wire Transfer fee:
$ 25.00 per transfer
Fax fees (personal)
$ 1.00 per page
Official Check To Third Party
$1.50 per check
Electronic Funds Transfer Fees
ATM Withdrawal(s)
First 6 transactions are free per month/$1.00 per transaction thereafter.
Card Replacement fee:
$ 15.00
PIN Request fee:
$ 5.00
Debit Card Transaction Fee
$1.00
Card Foreign Interchange
1% of purchase price
ACH Originiations
$2.00 per item
Credit Union Membership
Membership Share:
$ 5.00 par value, $10.00 minimum for dividends.
Share Early Closure Fee (Account closed within 6 months of opening)
$5.00
Privacy Policy
KEMBA Charleston Federal Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of our members. In general, you can visit us on the World Wide Web without disclosing to us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are several areas, however, that will collect certain information about you and we want you to know how we handle that information.
If you visit our website, KEMBA Charleston Federal Credit Union collects and stores information on the domain you use to access our website, the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to the site, and the date and time of your visit. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various pages on our site to better serve our membership.
If you send an e-mail, KEMBA Charleston Federal Credit Union collects and stores personally identifying information in order to process your e-mail, form or application. This information is not sold to any third parties. Due to the volume of e-mail activity, these messages are deleted after they are answered or completed.  Access to this nonpublic personal information about you is restricted to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.  We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our members and former members to anyone, except as permitted by law.
If you link to another site from any of our pages, you are leaving our site pages, and we cannot be held responsible for any information that may be gathered at a linked site. You are linking to an alternate web site not operated by the credit union and we are not responsible for the content of the alternate web site.  The credit union does not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction; and privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by the credit union.  We make every effort, however, to ensure that all linked sites follow similar privacy procedures as ours to offer you maximum security and privacy.
A paper copy of our privacy policy is available upon request.
Kemba Charleston FCU Privacy Policy
FACTS
WHAT DOES KEMBA CHARLESTON FEDERAL CREDIT UNION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balances
Checking account info and credit history
Payment history and transaction or loss history
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Kemba Charleston Federal Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Kemba Charleston Federal Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes –
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or to report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes –
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
Information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions?
Call 304-768-5700 or go to www.kembacharletonfcu.org
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Kemba Charleston FCU
What we do
How does Kemba Charleston FCU protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Kemba Charleston FCU collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or provide employment information
apply for financing or give us your contact information
show your driver’s license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Kemba Charleston FCU has no affiliates.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Non-Affiliates can include government agencies, plastic card processors, financial statement publishers or printers, mailhouse, consumer reporting agencies, data processors, and draft printers.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include CUNA Mutual Group’s TruStage Program.
Other important information
Download our Privacy Policy
(PDF-new window/tab)
(new window/tab)
Accounts
Home
Checking
Savings
Kids’ Club
Loans
Vehicle Loans
Personal Loans
Mortgage
Services
Online & Mobile
Other Services
Insurance
Resources
Tools
About Us
Membership
Contact Us
About
Accessibility
Site Map
Privacy Policy
©
2023
Kemba Charleston Federal Credit Union
Federally insured by NCUA
KembaConnection
Have you logged into Online Banking since update on October 19th?
Logging in for the first time since our Online Banking update on October 19, 2023?
Login ID : is your previous Login ID
Note : If your previous Login ID was your member number and your member number is less than 6 digits, you will need to add leading 0’s.
Example :
12345 enter as 012345
1234 enter as 001234
123 enter as 000123
Once logged in you will be prompted to change your Login ID.
Security Code: The last 4 of the primary member’s SSN.
×