KitWiper Pro Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation KitWiper Pro Privacy Policy By downloading or using the app, the Privacy Policy will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You're not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You're not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn't try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it The app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide our Service. It's your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone's security features and it could mean that the  app won't work properly or at all. Privacy Policy describes how Ki t Wiper Pro handle and protect Information relating to you. Personal Information Personal Information refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Personal Data”).We don't collect personal data or ask you to provide certain data when you visit and use our websites, products and services. Non-Personal Information Non-Personal Information is any information that relates to you but from which it is not practicable to directly or indirectly identify you, we may collect such information which may include the information about your devices (such as Your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information), the list of installed apps on your devices, and technical information about users means of connection to our apps, such as the versions of phone model and other similar information. We may use your Information for any purpose as below: Provide Application and Services (and the features within Application) to you Provide you with advertising and direct marketing that is more relevant to you; Better understand how you access and use Application, in order for us to improve Application and respond to customer desires and preferences, including for us to provide language and location customization, personalized help and instructions, or other responses to your and other customers' usage of Application; Help develop our service and provide, maintain, improve and modify the Applications, Services and the Site and develop new services; Assess the effectiveness of and improve advertising and other marketing and promotional activities on or in connection with Application. Shared & Why We share your personal data with third parties with your consent in the countries where collecting users’ consent may be required by applicable laws and regulations. When you consent to the collection of data for advertising and analytics purpose, we may share the data listed above with the following third parties: For ad services: Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy Google AdMob - https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en AppLovin Monetization - https://www.applovin.com/privacy For analytics: Adjust - https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/ Google Analytics - https://policies.google.com/privacy The use or share of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Requests should be submitted by contacting us through
traceylang2435@aol.com . Security Please do not buy, sell, transfer, rent, and/or lease your account and/or password to other people. We will not take any responsibility for the illegal use of your account by others that is caused by hacking or negligent password keeping. Children's Information KitWiper Pro
does not knowingly collect any personal identification information from children under the age of 13 (or such legally required age of consent for Juveniles as defined under applicable laws) or knowingly allow such person to register on
KitWiper Pro . In the event that we are notified that we have collect personal information from a child under the age of 13 (or such legally required age of consent for Juveniles as defined under applicable laws) without parental consent, we will suspend the account and delete relevant information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13(or such legally required age Juveniles as defined under applicable laws), please contact us at
traceylang2435@aol.com . If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, the Services or the Site, please contact us at
traceylang2435@aol.com
Contact us. With respect  responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it's important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times. we accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app. Changes to This Terms of Use We may update our Terms of Use from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms of Use on this page. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse