Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in
which Acid Remap LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information
collected from users (each, a “User”) of an application provided to User by Acid
Remap LLC (such application, the “Application”). This privacy policy applies to
the Application and all products and services offered by Acid Remap LLC, and
all visitors to our website, acidremap.com (our “Site”).
Personally identifiable information
We may collect personally identifiable information
from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users
visit our Site or download the Application, and in connection with other
activities, services, features or resources we make available on or through
acidremap.com. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address,
badge or paramedic certification numbers, and the agency that provides the user’s
primary employment for which User uses the Application. We will collect
personally identifiable information from Users only if they voluntarily submit
such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable
information, except that it may prevent them from use of the Application and in
engaging in certain activities related to acidremap.com. Additionally, Controlling
Entities (as such term is defined in our
Terms of Service ) may require that their staff members
supply personally identifiable information to Acid Remap LLC in order to
conform with local policies or laws.
Non-personally identifiable information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information
about Users whenever they interact with our Site or use the Application.
Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type
of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our
Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized
and other similar information.
Transactions
This Privacy Policy
applies to any personal information you provide in connection with the purchase
or use of the Application. You may be
directed to a third-party website to initiate your transaction. These third-party websites will be clearly
identified and link to their own privacy policies so you know which company is
collecting your personal information.
You should refer to those policies for any privacy concerns regarding your purchase with them.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser
places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to
track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to
refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so,
note that some parts of the Application may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Acid Remap LLC may collect and use Users personal information for the following
purposes:
·
-
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps
us
respond to your
customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
·
-
To send periodic emails
We
may use the email address to send User information
and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their
inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our
mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates,
related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like
to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe
instructions at the bottom of each email.
·
-
To share with Controlling Entities
We
may share the information we collect to
the Controlling Entities to ensure User’s compliance with our Terms of Service
and the policies of User’s Controlling Entity.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and
security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration,
disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password,
transaction information and data stored on our Site. Please be aware though that, despite our best
efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Application and its Users
happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and
protected with digital signatures. An SSL secured communication channel with encryption and protection by digital
signatures is also used to exchange User information with Controlling
Entities.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personally
identifiable information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic
information not linked to any personally identifiable information regarding
visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and
advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business
and the Application or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out
notifications of Application updates, newsletters and surveys. We may share
your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided
that you have given us your permission.
We will share personally identifiable
information with Controlling Entities if that information is provided by the
user through the Application for that express purpose. Any solicitation of personally
identifiable information shall make it clear if such information is to be
provided to Controlling Entities.
Third party websites
Users may find other content on our Site that link to the Application itself, or
to the services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors
and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on
these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites
linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including
their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services
may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and
interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our
Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Your California privacy rights
If you are a California resident, California
Civil Code Section 1798.83 provides you the right to receive (a) information
identifying any third party(ies) to whom we may have
disclosed, within the preceding calendar year, your personal information for
that third party’s direct marketing purposes; and (b) a description of the
categories of personal information disclosed.
To obtain such information free of charge, please
submit your request here
Changes to this privacy policy
Acid Remap LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any
time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page.
We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay
informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we
collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review
this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By visiting acidremap.com or using the Application, you
signify your acceptance of this policy and Acid Remap LLC’s
terms of service .
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not visit our Site or use our
Application. Your continued use of acidremap.com or the Application following
the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those
changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy,
the practices of the Application, or your dealings with the Application, please
contact us via our website at
https://www.acidremap.com .
This document was last updated on, and is effective as of, July 12, 2013