Home Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation   PRIVACY POLICY    Please
r ead this privacy policy carefully By accessing or using
t he
Halloween
Cards & GIF
app, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described here in and all terms and conditions incorporated by reference. This privacy policy is part of and incorporated into
Halloween Cards & GIF
app's (" terms of service "). If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions set forth below, you may not use the
Halloween Cards & GIF
app. By using the
Halloween Cards & GIF
(or just "the App" hereafter) in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we may collect, use, process and share your information as described herein specifically. This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control (including, without limitation, the third-party content providers from whom you may receive content through their Services), or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. Halloween Cards & GIF
provides you a comprehensive platform to supersize your images quickly. You can enhance the images by just processing them through our app which has been carefully made to give you superior results every time. Specifically, we collect the following information necessary for the proper functionality of the App: When you start the application all the necessary permissions are requested in order for the application to work. All the images that are sent to the server for processing are removed from the server. The images are neither reused nor given to any third party. Images are not stored in any form. Besides the above-mentioned information, we DO NOT collect, share or process any information which identifies you or is related to you personally (“Personal Information”) in any form whatsoever. Our privacy practices will be transparent to you. However, we collect only minimal information essentially required for the correct functionality of the App, the features of which have been adequately described to the user through android. When you utilize our services, you trust us with your information. Therefore we understand this is a serious obligation and make ensure that we are not sharing your data and information with third party. We do not sell or rent personal information about our customers (the users of the App) to any third parties at this time and in any form. As mentioned earlier, we do not collect any information regarding the use of this App from you directly. However, for the analysis of the App's performance, we have integrated certain analytics services in our app (such as Firebase Analytics). Based on statistical data collected by the said service anonymously, we see your use of the App's various features and functionality points. This data helps us to improve and update the App for better usability. Moreover, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and the third-party advertising companies may use non-personally identifiable information about a user’s visits to the App in order to provide advertisements about apps, goods & services that may be of interest to users. Therefore, we suggest you exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information or any of its components. The Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app is as follows: Google Playstore, Google AdMob Network, Google Analytics for Firebase, Firebase Crashlytics, Facebook Ad Network. We are not responsible for the practices done by websites or services linked to or from the Service, nor the information or content contained. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. If you have any questions about our policy or regarding the matter of how we collect data or process your personal information or anything else related to our privacy policy practices. We would like to hear from you about them. You can contact our team at any time at charismaapps@gmail.com Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse