privacy statement | BikeMessenger24.com | 24 h LIVE RADAR
News Ticker:
>> NEWS UPDATE OCTOBER 2023 :  APP UPDATE SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETED MORE INFORMATION
SEE: NEWS SECTION
>> NEWS UPDATE : WE ARE SUPPORTED BY::
https://lastmile-software.com
>> NEWS UPDATE OCTOBER 2023 :  APP UPDATE SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETED MORE INFORMATION  SEE: NEWS SECTION
>> NEWS UPDATE : WE ARE SUPPORTED BY:  https://lastmile-software.com
Menu
Menu
HOME
ABOUT US
NEWS
CITIES
EU
-> Istanbul
-> London
-> Madrid
-> Moscow
-> Paris
-> Rome
-> St. Petersburg
USA
-> Atlanta
-> Boston
-> Chicago
-> Dallas
-> Houston
-> Los Angeles
-> Miami
-> New York
-> Philadelphia
-> San Francisco
-> Washington
CANADA
-> Toronto
-> Montreal
-> Vancouver
SERVICES
FOR PRIVATE CUSTOMERS
FOR RETAILERS & RESTAURANTS
F A Q
INFORMATION
BIKE MESSENGER EVENTS
USEFUL INFORMATION
VIDEO (E): INFO DRIVER
BECOME A BIKE COURIER
(E) VIDEO: BENEFITS BIKEMESSENGER24
VIDEO (E): WHAT IS BIKEMESSENGER24
WORKING AS A BICYCLE COURIER – BUSINESS & TAX LIABILITY
BECOME
CONTACT
Menu
Menu
privacy statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT
1. PRIVACY AT A GLANCE
General information
The following notes provide a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit this website. Personal information is any information that personally identifies you. For detailed information on the subject of data protection, please refer to our data protection declaration listed below this text.
Data collection on this website
Who is responsible for data collection on this website?
The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. Their contact data can be found in the imprint of this website.
How do we collect your data?
On the one hand, your data is collected by you communicating it to us. This may, for example, involve data that you enter in a contact form.
Other data is automatically collected by our IT systems when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. Internet browser, operating system or time of page call). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter this website.
What do we use your data for?
Some of the data is collected to ensure that the website is error-free. Other data can be used to analyse your user behaviour.
What rights do you have with regard to your data?
You have the right at any time and free of charge to obtain information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data. You also have the right to request that this data be corrected or deleted. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint for this and other questions on the subject of data protection. Furthermore, you have the right to appeal to the responsible supervisory authority.
In addition, you have the right, under certain circumstances, to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data. For details please refer to the data protection declaration under “Right to limitation of processing”.
Analysis tools and third-party tools
When you visit this website, your surfing behaviour can be statistically evaluated. This is done primarily with cookies and so-called analysis programs. The analysis of your surfing behaviour is usually anonymous; the surfing behaviour cannot be traced back to you.
You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information on these tools and your opt-out options can be found in the following privacy statement.
2. HOSTING
External Hosting
This website is hosted by an external service provider (hoster). The personal data collected on this website is stored on the host’s servers. This may include IP addresses, contact requests, meta and communication information, contract information, contact information, names, web page accesses, and other information generated by a website.
The host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR) and in the interest of a secure, fast and efficient provision of our online services by a professional provider (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Our hoster will only process your data to the extent that this is necessary to fulfil its performance obligations and to follow our instructions with regard to this data.
Conclusion of a contract for order processing
In order to guarantee processing in compliance with data protection regulations, we have concluded an order processing contract with our hoster.
3. GENERAL NOTES AND MANDATORY INFORMATION
data protection
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and according to the legal data protection regulations as well as this data protection explanation.
If you use this website, various personal data will be collected. Personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect and how we use it. It also explains how and for what purpose this is done.
We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) can be subject to security gaps. A complete protection of the data against access by third parties is not possible.
Reference to the responsible office
The responsible body for data processing on this website is:
Martin Hawel
Radlkoferstr. 2
81373 Munich, Germany
Germany (German)
E-Mail: mail (at) bikemessenger.com
Responsible body is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
Data protection officer required by law
We have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
Martin Hawel
Radlkoferstr. 2
81373 Munich, Germany
Germany (German)
Email: mail (at) bikemessenger24.com
Revocation of your consent to data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke your consent at any time. For this purpose, an informal e-mail notification to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
Right of objection against data collection in special cases and against direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)
IF THE DATA PROCESSING IS BASED ON ART. 6 ABS. 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT AT ANY TIME TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR REASONS ARISING FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. THE RESPECTIVE LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH PROCESSING IS BASED CAN BE FOUND IN THIS DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION. IF YOU OBJECT, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA UNLESS WE CAN PROVE COMPELLING REASONS FOR PROCESSING WORTHY OF PROTECTION WHICH OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR THE PROCESSING SERVES TO ASSERT, EXERCISE OR DEFEND LEGAL CLAIMS (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21 PARA. 1 GDPR).
IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA ARE PROCESSED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSE OF SUCH ADVERTISING; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING, INSOFAR AS IT IS CONNECTED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT ADVERTISING (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 PARA. 2 GDPR).
Right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority
In the event of infringements of the GDPR, the persons concerned have the right to appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of their habitual residence, workplace or place of presumed infringement. The right of appeal shall be without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies.
Right to data transferability
You have the right to have data which we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfilment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another responsible person, this will only be done as far as it is technically feasible.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or requests that you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http://” to “https://” and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information, deletion and rectification
Within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right at any time to free information about your stored personal data, their origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if applicable, a right to correction or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint for this and other questions on the subject of personal data.
Right to limitation of processing
You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint. The right to restriction of the processing exists in the following cases:
If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored with us, we usually need time to verify this. For the duration of the examination you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If the processing of your personal data has taken place unlawfully, you may demand that the data processing be restricted instead of deleted.
If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of deletion.
If you have lodged an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR, a balance must be struck between your and our interests. As long as it is not yet clear whose interests predominate, you have the right to demand that the processing of your personal data be restricted.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data may only be processed – apart from their storage – with your consent or for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of an important public interest of the European Union or a Member State.
4. DATA COLLECTION ON THIS WEBSITE
cookies
Some of the Internet pages use so-called cookies. Cookies do not damage your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your terminal until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser during your next visit.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, accept cookies for certain cases or generally exclude them and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted.
Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions requested by you (e.g. shopping basket function) are stored on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a justified interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimised provision of its services. If a corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. a consent to the storage of cookies), the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies for analysing your surfing behaviour) are stored, these are dealt with separately in this data protection declaration.
Cookie Consent with Borlabs Cookie
Our Web site uses Borlabs Cookie Consent technology to obtain your consent to the storage of certain cookies in your browser and to document them in a privacy-compliant manner. This technology is provided by Borlabs – Benjamin A. Bornschein, Georg-Wilhelm-Str. 17, 21107 Hamburg, Germany (hereinafter Borlabs).
When you enter our website, a Borlabs cookie is stored in your browser in which the consents you have given or the revocation of these consents are stored. This data is not passed on to the Borlabs Cookie provider.
The data collected will be stored until you request us to delete it, until you delete the Borlabs cookie itself, or until the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal retention periods remain unaffected. Details on data processing by Borlabs Cookie can be found at https://de.borlabs.io/kb/welche-daten-speichert-borlabs-cookie/
Borlabs cookie consent technology is used to obtain the legally required consent for the use of cookies. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. c GDPR.
Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type and browser version
used operating system
Referrer URL
Hostname of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
IP address
This data will not be merged with other data sources.
This data is collected on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a justified interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimisation of his website – for this purpose the server log files must be recorded.
contact form
If you send us enquiries via the contact form, your details from the enquiry form including the contact data you provided there will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the enquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. These data will not be passed on without your consent.
This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR if your enquiry is related to the fulfilment of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the enquiries addressed to us (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR) or on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR) if this has been requested.
The data entered by you in the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions – in particular retention periods – remain unaffected.
Inquiry by e-mail, telephone or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request including all personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass on this data without your consent.
This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR if your request is related to the performance of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR) and/or on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR), as we have a legitimate interest in the effective processing of the enquiries addressed to us.
The data you send us via contact requests will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory statutory provisions – in particular statutory retention periods – remain unaffected.
For BikeMessenger24 drivers: Registration on this website
You can register on this website to use additional features on the site. We use the data entered for this purpose only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise we will refuse the registration.
In the case of important changes, for example in the scope of our services or in the case of technically necessary changes, we will use the e-mail address provided during registration to inform you in this way.
The processing of the data entered during registration is carried out for the purpose of implementing the user relationship established by the registration and, if necessary, for initiating further contracts (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
The data collected during registration will be stored by us as long as you are registered on this website and will subsequently be deleted. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
5. ANALYSIS TOOLS AND ADVERTISING
Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”. These are text files that are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will generally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the use of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analysing user behaviour in order to optimise both its website and its advertising. If a corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. a consent to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
IP anonymisation
We have activated the IP anonymization function on this website. This will cause Google to shorten your IP address within member states of the European Union or other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the United States. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google.
Browser Plugin
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as Google from processing this data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
Objection to data collection
You can prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie is set to prevent your information from being collected on future visits to this website: Disable Google Analytics.
For more information on how Google Analytics uses user data, please see Google’s privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de.
Order processing
We have concluded a contract with Google for order processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
Demographic characteristics of Google Analytics
This website uses the function “demographic features” of Google Analytics. This allows reports to be generated that contain information about the age, gender and interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-related advertising by Google and visitor data from third parties. This information cannot be associated with any specific individual. You can deactivate this function at any time via the ad settings in your Google Account or generally prohibit Google Analytics from collecting your data as described under “Objection to data collection”.
Storage period
Data stored by Google at the user and event level that is linked to cookies, user IDs (e.g. User ID) or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) is anonymised or deleted after 14 months. Details can be found under the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=de
Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking
This website uses Google Ads. Google Ads is an online advertising program of Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
As part of Google Ads, we use what is known as conversion tracking. When you click on an ad placed by Google, a conversion tracking cookie is set. Cookies are small text files that the Internet browser places on the user’s computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not expired, Google and we may recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was directed to that page.
Each Google Ads customer receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot be tracked through Google Ads customer websites. The information collected from the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for Google Ads customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers will know the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were directed to a page tagged with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that personally identifies them. If you do not wish to participate in tracking, you can opt out of this use by easily turning off the Google Conversion Tracking cookie in your Internet browser under User Preferences. You will then not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
The storage of “conversion cookies” and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analysing user behaviour in order to optimise both its website and its advertising. If a corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. a consent to the storage of cookies), the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
More information on Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking can be found in Google’s privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
You can set your browser so that you are informed when cookies are set and only allow cookies in individual cases, accept cookies for certain cases or generally exclude them and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be restricted.
PLUGINS AND TOOLS
YouTube with enhanced data protection
This website includes videos from YouTube. The website is operated by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
We use YouTube in advanced privacy mode. According to YouTube, this mode means that YouTube does not store any information about visitors to this website before they view the video. However, YouTube’s enhanced privacy mode does not necessarily preclude the sharing of information with YouTube partners. YouTube connects to the Google DoubleClick network whether or not you’re watching a video.
When you start a YouTube video on this site, it connects to YouTube’s servers. This will tell the YouTube server which of our pages you’ve visited. If you are logged in to your YouTube account, you can allow YouTube to associate your surfing behaviour directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube can also store various cookies on your device after you start a video. YouTube can use these cookies to obtain information about visitors to this website. This information is used, among other things, to collect video statistics, improve usability and prevent fraud. The cookies remain on your device until you delete them.
If necessary, after the start of a YouTube video, further data processing operations may be triggered over which we have no control.
YouTube is used in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online services. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If a corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. a consent to the storage of cookies), the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the consent can be revoked at any time.
Further information on data protection at YouTube can be found in its data protection declaration at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
Google Web Fonts
This page uses so-called web fonts provided by Google for the uniform display of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into its browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to Google’s servers. This enables Google to know that your IP address has been used to access this website. The use of Google Web Fonts is in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online services. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer.
Further information on Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de.
Google Maps (with consent)
This website uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
To ensure the privacy of this website, Google Maps is disabled the first time you visit this website. A direct connection to Google’s servers will only be established if you activate Google Maps yourself (consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). This prevents your data from being transferred to Google the first time you enter the site.
After activation, Google Maps will save your IP address. This is then usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. After Google Maps has been activated, the provider of this page has no influence on this data transfer.
You can find more information on the handling of user data in Google’s data protection declaration: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
OWN SERVICES
Dealing with applicant data
We offer you the opportunity to apply to us (e.g. by e-mail, post or online application form). In the following we will inform you about the scope, purpose and use of your personal data collected during the application process. We assure you that your data will be collected, processed and used in accordance with applicable data protection law and all other statutory provisions and that your data will be treated strictly confidentially.
Scope and purpose of data collection
If you send us an application, we process your associated personal data (e.g. contact and communication data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.) insofar as this is necessary for a decision on the establishment of an employment relationship. The legal basis for this is § 26 BDSG-neu according to German law (initiation of an employment relationship), Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR  (general contract initiation) and – if you have given your consent – Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Consent may be revoked at any time. Your personal data will only be passed on within our company to persons who are involved in the processing of your application.
If the application is successful, the data submitted by you will be stored in our data processing systems on the basis of § 26 BDSG-neu and Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of carrying out the employment relationship.
Retention period of the data
If we are unable to make you a job offer, reject a job offer or withdraw your application, we reserve the right to retain the data you have submitted on the basis of our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR) for up to 6 months from the end of the application procedure (rejection or withdrawal of the application). The data will then be deleted and the physical application documents destroyed. The storage serves in particular to provide evidence in the event of a legal dispute. If it is evident that the data will be required after expiry of the 6-month period (e.g. due to an impending or pending legal dispute), deletion will only take place when the purpose for further storage no longer applies.
A longer storage can also take place if you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR) or if legal storage obligations prevent the deletion.
Admission to the applicant pool
If we do not make you a job offer, you may be able to join our applicant pool. If you are accepted, all documents and information from your application will be transferred to the applicant pool in order to contact you in case of suitable vacancies.
Admission to the applicant pool is based exclusively on your express consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). The submission of your consent is voluntary and has no bearing on the ongoing application process. The person concerned may revoke his/her consent at any time. In this case, the data will be irrevocably deleted from the applicant pool unless there are legal reasons for retention.
The data from the applicant pool will be irrevocably deleted no later than two years after consent has been given.
Deliverer
Bike Messenger Atlanta
Bike Messenger Boston
Bike Messenger Chicago
Bike Messenger Dallas
Bike Messenger Houston
Bike Messenger L.A.
Bike Messenger Miami
Bike Messenger New York
Bike Messenger Philadelphia
Bike Messenger S.F.
Bike Messenger London
Bike Messenger Paris
Bike Messenger Rome
Bike Messenger Madrid
Bookmarks
© Copyright - BikeMessenger24.com
|
GTC
privacy statement
Impressum
BECOME COURIER
Courier Delivery Software
Bike Courier Software / Bike Messenger Software
Scroll to top