Macro Glass Privacy Policy Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Macro Glass Privacy Policy Macro Glass Privacy Policy This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our services, as well as your choices related to that data. We use your data to provide and improve services. By using the service, you agree to collect and use information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as our terms and conditions. What information will we collect about your use of the service INTERNET: Network permissions, access to the network requires GET_ ACCOUNTS: Account permissions, used to obtain account information CAMERA: Camera permissions, magnifying glass core functions require FLASHLIGHT: Flash permission, magnifying glass lighting required Authenticate_ ACCOUNTS: Account authentication permission, used to authenticate accounts FOREGROUND_ Service: Frontend service permission, running programs requires Receive_ BOOT_ Completed: Enable relevant permissions to understand the status of phone restart MANAGE_ ACCOUNTS: Account management permissions, used for account management WRITE_ SYNC_ SETTings: Account synchronization write permission, used for account settings synchronization READ_ SYNC_ SETTings: Account synchronization read permission, used for account settings synchronization READ_ SYNC_ STATS: Account synchronization status permission, used for account settings synchronization   Definition service Services refer to mobile applications operated by us.   personal data Personal data refers to data related to living individuals that can be identified from this data (or from those and other information that we have or may have).   Using data Usage data is automatically collected data (such as the duration of page access) generated through the use of services or from the service infrastructure itself.   biscuit Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).   Data controller A data controller refers to a natural or legal person (individually or jointly or jointly with others) who determines the purpose and manner of processing or will process any personal information. For the purpose of this privacy policy, we are the data controller of your personal data.   Data processor (or service provider) Data processor (or service provider) refers to any natural or legal person who processes data on behalf of the data controller. We may use various service providers' services to process your data more effectively.   Data subject (or user) The data subject is any living individual who uses our services and is the subject of personal data.   Information collection and use We collect various types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our services to you.   Cookies and usage data Using data   We may also collect information ("usage data") sent by your browser when you access our services or through mobile devices. This usage data may include information such as your computer's internet protocol address (such as IP address), browser type, browser version, pages you visited our services, time and date you visited, time spent on these pages, unique information device identifiers, and other diagnostic data. When accessing services through mobile devices, this usage data may include information such as the type of mobile device you are using, your unique mobile device ID, your mobile device IP address, your mobile operating system, your mobile device type, and other diagnostic data. When you use the service, we will also create our own specific ID.   Tracking Cookie Data We use cookies and similar tracking techniques to track activities on our services and save certain information. A cookie is a file that contains a small amount of data, which may contain an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent from the website to your browser and stored on your device. The tracking technologies also used include beacons, tags, and scripts for collecting and tracking information, as well as improving and analyzing our services. You can instruct your browser to reject all cookies or indicate when to send cookies. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use certain parts of our services. Examples of cookies we use: Session Cookie. We use session cookies to operate our services. Prefer cookies. We use preference cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Secure cookies. We use secure cookies for security purposes. Advertising Cookies. Advertising cookies are used to provide you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests. Third party data The data we received from our partners. This data may include information you receive from third-party services (when associated with the service), information from the platform running the service, and information used for advertising and analysis purposes.   Use of data The collected data is used for various purposes: Provide and maintain our services Notify you of changes to our services Allow you to participate in the interactive features of our services during selection Provide customer support Collect analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our services Monitor the usage of our services Detection, prevention, and resolution of technical issues   Your personal data may be processed because: We need to fulfill the contract with you Dealing with it is in our legitimate interest and will not be covered by your rights We need to fulfill the contract with you Compliance with the law   Data retention Your personal data will only be retained for the period required for the purposes specified in this privacy policy. We will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (such as if we need to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. The usage data will also be retained for internal analysis purposes. Data is usually retained for a shorter period of time unless it is used to enhance security or improve the functionality of our services, or we have a legal obligation to retain this data for a longer period of time.   Data Disclosure Law Enforcement Disclosure In some cases, if required by law or in response to valid requests from public authorities (such as courts or government agencies), it may be necessary to disclose your personal data. Legal requirements May sincerely disclose your personal data and believe that such behavior is necessary: Compliance with legal obligations Rights or property protected and defended Preventing or investigating possible misconduct related to services To ensure the personal safety of service users or the public To prevent legal liability   Data security To help ensure the security of your data, we are developing and implementing management, technical, and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or loss, abuse, or change. The security of your data is important to us, but please remember that no internet transmission method or electronic storage method is 100% secure. Although we strive to use commercially acceptable methods to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.   Service provider We may hire third-party companies and individuals to promote our services ("service providers"), provide services on our behalf, perform services related to the services, or assist us in analyzing how our services are used. These third parties can only access your personal data by performing these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.   Advertisement We may use third-party service providers to display advertisements to help support and maintain our services. Link to other websites Our services may include links to other services that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party link. We strongly recommend that you review the privacy policy for each link you visit. We cannot control the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party services, and do not assume any responsibility.   Children's privacy Our services are not targeted at anyone under the age of 18 ("children"). We will not intentionally collect personal identification information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us. If we discover that we have collected personal data of children without parental consent, we will take measures to remove this information from our server.   Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update our privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by publishing a new privacy policy on this page. Before the changes take effect, we will notify you via email and/or prominent notices on our services, and update the "Effective Date" at the top of this privacy policy. We suggest that you regularly review this privacy policy to learn about any changes. Changes to this privacy policy will take effect as soon as they are posted on this page.   Contact us If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via email:
margaretnjokim52@gmail.com
. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse