Privacy at Ohio State | Office of Technology and Digital Innovation
Ohio State nav bar
Skip to main content
The Ohio State University
Help
BuckeyeLink
Map
Find People
Webmail
Search Ohio State
Office of
Technology and Digital Innovation
Main menu
Use
ENTER
key to expand menu items or activate links for items that do not expand. Use
SPACE
key to activate any menu link. About Us Mission and Vision Leadership Connect with Us News Media Mentions Digital Digest for Students Leadership Blog IT Year in Review 2022 Strategic Direction University Mission and Vision OAA Academic Plan Top Projects Advisory Groups Offerings Policies Join Us Current Openings Working Here Life in Columbus Our Values Our Culture Our People Help
Search form
Search
Go
Breadcrumb navigation Home Offerings Privacy at Ohio State
Privacy at Ohio State
We value the privacy of everyone who visits, works, supports, and learns at Ohio State.
Our Privacy Principles We provide notice that explains how we collect, use and share personal information. We don’t use it for other purposes. We provide and honor choices when collecting personal information for a marketing purpose. We make it easy for individuals to access and request corrections to their personal information. We implement new technologies using privacy-by-design. We secure personal information and investigate reports of unauthorized or inappropriate access to personal information. We create, educate and lead best practices and compliance across our communities.
How is personal data collected and used at Ohio State? Our mission is to cultivate our community’s long-standing trust that Ohio State collects, uses and shares personal information transparently and appropriately. Select the statements below to learn more about how personal information is collected, used and shared at the university.
Web Privacy Statement
Learn more about what data we're collecting, how we're collecting it, and what we're doing with it.
Cookie Statement
Learn more about cookies and how Ohio State uses them to enhance your web experience.
SMS Texting Information
Learn more about Ohio State’s SMS texting terms and conditions and do-not-call procedure.
EU Considerations
Learn how Ohio State is working to comply with the  GDPR .
How can I help Ohio State protect privacy? Discover more about privacy and what you can do to protect your information as a student, faculty, staff or other associate of Ohio State. We are also looking for university employees to become Privacy Pros to help the university uphold our privacy principles.
Learn About Privacy Policies
Understand how  your personal information is collected, used and shared by Ohio State.
Learn About Privacy Principles
Learn how to  implement Ohio State's privacy practices.
Make Choices to Protect Your Privacy
Find tips to protect your privacy and personal information.
Access Your Records
Discover how to access and request corrections to your personal information.
Report a Privacy Concern
Find how to report unauthorized or inappropriate access to personal information.
Employee Privacy and Responsibilities
Understand your role and what information is protected or made public.
Privacy Pros
Get involved in helping Ohio State  think about and uphold our privacy principles.
Data Privacy Days
Share ideas and collaborate with members from across Ohio State at these events.
What else is happening with privacy at Ohio State? Find your Privacy Pro:
Learn who is your unit's Privacy Pro
and contact them with any questions or privacy concerns. Year In Review:
Read our
2022 Privacy Program Year in Review
to see what we accomplished together last year. Learn about Cybersecurity:   The  Cybersecurity for You (C4U)
(link is external)
awareness platform  provides cybersecurity training and awareness on topics that help you in your role at the university and beyond. You'll earn points while learning which can be redeemed for rewards.
Office of Technology and Digital Innovation 100 Mount Hall
|
1050 Carmack Road
|
Columbus, Ohio 43210 Phone:
614-688-4357 Email:
OTDI@osu.edu
Facebook link for Office of Technology and Digital Innovation Twitter link for Office of Technology and Digital Innovation YouTube link for Office of Technology and Digital Innovation LinkedIn link for Office of Technology and Digital Innovation Instagram link for Office of Technology and Digital Innovation
Check System Status
(link is external)
to find out if there is an interruption or planned maintenance for our services.   Accessibility Statement If you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content, please email
accessibility@osu.edu
or call
614-292-5000
for assistance.   Privacy Non-Discrimination Notice (PDF)
(link is external)   OTDI Staff Site