C++ pppp
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
AVS SOLUCTION
C++ pppp
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
October 14, 2023
Avs Technology  built the C++ programming  app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Avs Technology  at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at C++ programming  unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use: For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to . The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Reference to third party service providers used by the app are below; Firebase.  Admob.                 Log Data: I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Cookies: Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Service Providers: I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security: I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites: This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy: These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In a case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to take necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy: I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 14-10-2023 Contact Us: If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at akashsingh39645@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Live Talk terms and condition
February 17, 2022
Terms & Conditions By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to AVS SOLUCTION. AVS SOLUCTION is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for. The Live Talk - Random video calling app app stores and p
Read more
ssc gk app
February 18, 2023
Avssolution  built the SSC CHSL CHL GK HINDI 2023 app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Avssolution  at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at SSC CHSL CHL GK HINDI 2023 unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use: For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited t
Read more
video_call_3
April 27, 2023
ExamBook  built the Live talk - Video Call For Boy app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by ExamBook  at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Live talk - Video Call For Boy unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use: For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Galeries
Akash singh
Visit profile
Archive
October 2023 1
September 2023 2
April 2023 3
March 2023 3
February 2023 8
January 2023 3
December 2022 1
November 2022 1
October 2022 2
September 2022 7
August 2022 1
June 2022 2
March 2022 2
February 2022 5
December 2021 1
October 2020 1
Show more
Show less
Report Abuse