Kwik Personal Loan Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Kwik Personal Loan Kwik Personal Loan Privacy Policy This Privacy Kwik Personal Loan Privacy Policy document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under in force, and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000 from time to time. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations for access Kwik Personal Loan mobile application platform and any other application or software run under the brand name “Kwik Personal Loan” (hereinafter referred to as the “Kwik Personal Loan”). We make every effort to ensure that the information you provide will not be misused. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) would apply to information we collect when you access or use our App or our Web-Site (collectively the “Services”). Persons using the Services are hereinafter referred to as “Users” or “you”. By applying to our Services, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. Our goal in this Privacy Policy is to be completely transparent about the data we collect, why we collect, use, share, store and protect personal information about users. Information Collection and Use During the use of our Services, website and mobile application, we may collect information about you from you and from third parties. While some information has to be mandatorily provided, others are optional and certain portions of the information will remain private and some will be shared with associated third parties. All information you provide to us is voluntary. This information is including but not limited to the following: information about you when you register or when you use Kwik Personal Loan; personal and financial information like your name, email address, contact number, gender, date of birth, contact information, address, employment information, pay slips, academic qualification, PAN no., Driving License no., Aadhar no., bank statements, net-banking credentials, etc. Information about your transaction history like spend data. We may also collect other personal information such as SMS, contacts, location data, mobile device data etc. your unique identifiers such as username and password, preferences information and transaction history information that you provide when you write directly to us (including by e-mail) or provide us over telephone; any other information that Kwik Personal Loan is required to collect as per specific mandate from any bank or as a requirement under applicable law Aggregate information and electronic data - like the pages viewed, how you navigate through the website and interact with webpages, etc. You also permit us to retrieve your personal, public proﬁle and friend list/ contact list from your Facebook or LinkedIn account or Google identity, in case you are using our Kwik Personal Loan mobile application, especially: Camera : we use the camera to enable you to take images of the KYC documents like Selfie, Payslip, PAN card etc. Photos/media/files : We access your image gallery to enable you to upload KYC documents. Contacts : By sharing contact info it helps building a better profile of the User by our credit risk assessment algorithms . Location : Location information is captured at the time of login and is a useful parameter to determine the last location. SMS : Financial and Banking applications interact with their customers via SMS and SMS and this activity is used to understand your financial ability to repay our loans. Phone call logs : Number of calls made and received by the customer is indicative of the phone usage of the user and helps in building a better profile of the user by our credit risk assessment algorithms. Geo You understand that, by creating an account, we will be able to identify you by your Kwik Personal Loan proﬁle. However, we will not be liable under any circumstance for the generation of your proﬁle or the information you provide therein. Kwik Personal Loan will also not be liable for the photographs and data that the Users might upload, the use and misuse thereof. We will ask for your bank account details only for the Service. All the information that you shall provide us is voluntary, including sensitive personal information. You understand that Kwik Personal Loan may use certain information of yours, which has been designated as ‘sensitive personal data or information’ under the IT Rules for the purpose of providing you the services and for sharing the information only with affiliates who are subject to this Privacy Policy, as will be explained further below. Mobile device To provide you with our Services, Kwik Personal Loan (including app) may require access to the following: Mobile device Log data Cookies Third-party service providers Data / Cookies We may set cookies to track your use of Kwik Personal Loan . These are used to enhance your experience with our Services. We use cookies to help us identify who you are, so your login experience is smooth each time. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identiﬁable Information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. In addition, we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements. By using Kwik Personal Loan , you signify your consent to our use of cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of our Services may not work properly. Security Information We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of your personal information. We store all the customer data on cloud servers to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls, SSL data encryption and access authorization controls. However, you understand and accept no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Data pilferage due to unauthorized hacking, virus attacks, technical is possible and we take no liabilities or responsibilities for it. Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other websites/apps that may be accessible through Kwik Personal Loan have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you link to any such website, we urge you to review such website′s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. We will share all information we collect from you, including the personal information with any third party if we in good faith believe it is required for the purposes of our compliance with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request/ action or any manner required for the purposes of protecting our rights or interests. These third party websites and advertisers or internet advertising companies working on our behalf, sometimes use technology to send or serve data that appear on Kwik Personal Loan . They automatically receive your IP address when that happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize advertising content. Please be advised that we do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third party websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Therefore, we are not responsible for the information or content they may contain, nor are we responsible for the privacy practices employed therein. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy policies. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To assess User’s credit risk; To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at: vaishupatel806@gmail.com  Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse