Home Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy Policy Android Game Play respect the privacy of the users of their mobile app and games and are committed to protect the User’s information and we explains the types of collected information and how we collect, use, disclose, share and protect your information. 2 type of Information we are using - -
Personal Information Collection
Android Game Play collect, use and disclose personal information only as described in this Privacy Policy. kindly note that some non-personal information would be considered a part of your personal information if it were combined with other information in a way that enables you to be identified, but the same information is considered non-personal information when taken alone or combined only with other non-personal information. Personal information may include, but is not limited to, user’s name, e-mail address, date of birth, and any personal photo or image representation. -
Non-Personal Information Collection
Android Game Play collected information may related to your mobile device, computer system, including unique mobile device ID, mobile device type, IP address or other device identifiers, Media Access Control address, telephone number of mobile device, country of registration. It may also include browser type, language, Internet Service Provider, referring and exit pages, time spent, information searched for, time and date stamp, click stream data, feature usage, game play statistics, scores and achievements, user rankings, time spent playing our games, and other statistics. Non-personal information, alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. We collect non-personal information about your use of application or games and includes aggregated information regarding usage of the applications. Disclosure of your Information- In order to process credit card payments, Android Game Play will use the service of a secure, third-party credit card processor. We are not store your credit card information.
We use the services of third parties who will have limited access to your Personal Information to be used for specific purposes. In addition, Usage Data in aggregated, anonymous form may be shared with third parties who assist us with our internal operations such as administration, analytics, research, and optimization. we are not sell, rent or transfer your Personal Information to third parties, except as otherwise indicated herein. we may disclose your Personal Information or other information collected if required by law or court order, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, to investigate and/or take action against illegal activity, suspected abuse or unauthorized use of the Websites/Apps, or to protect the property or safety of others.
Google Sites Report abuse