Privacy Policy Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy outlines the information collection practices of
Weather Alerts
when you use our apps or games downloaded from the Google Play Store.
Your privacy and data security are extremely important to us. We are committed to the responsible management, protection, and use of your personal information.
It also explains how we use and disclose the collected information. What information do we collect? Location Information: When you use a location-enabled
Weather Alerts
service, we may detect your general location to provide accurate weather information for your area automatically. If you do not allow this, you can manually enter your location to obtain weather information. Local File and Storage: We utilize local shared objects to enhance user experience, such as storing your city and weather data, user preferences, and settings. Other information that we collect: Information about your device and its capabilities Your activities on the Services Advertising identifiers Referring URL How do we use the information we collect? We use the collected information to provide you with better features and experiences on our services. Additionally, we analyze our traffic. We may also share identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. We do not sell, trade, or transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties, and we do not disclose your information. Changes: Our privacy policy may be updated periodically. We will not diminish your rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted on this page, and significant changes will be prominently notified. Prior versions of the privacy policy will be archived for your review. If you have any questions or concerns about the Policy, you may contact us at email:
weathernowapp23@gmail.com Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse