Scietal Technologies Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Scietal Technologies Privacy Policy Date: 11 Jan 2023                                                                                                                        PRIVACY POLICY Your privacy is important to us please spend some time to review our privacy policy stated below Data we process
We are concerned about the privacy policy of our users, and we care about the data you provide us. We try to keep it in every way possible. Your data is processed and handled as per our Privacy Policy. The data we process depends on your usage of the app. We do not store any user information. How Your Information is shared   In addition to working with third parties on specific products or services, we might hire them to do tasks on our behalf.   If they agree to keep the information private, these third parties may be given access to the data required to carry out their duties.   Information Collection and Use   We may ask you to give us specific personally identifiable information while using our Service so that we can give you a better experience. We will keep the data you provide us with and utilize it as this privacy statement specifies.   The app does make use of third-party services that may gather data used to help identify you.   Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app •
Google Play Services •
AdMob •
Google Analytics for Firebase •
Firebase Crashlytics   Permissions   Following permissions are required by the Caller id- phone number lookup •
Phone Permission •
Contacts Permission •
Call Log Permission     Personal information:   Personal information is type of data that directly identify you or an individual. We don’t gather, use or keep any personal information of our users when you install, visit or upgrade or products, website or services except when you submit personal information at time of creating account, send error or take part in our online surveys etc. We may use personal information that submitted by you in the following case such as product improvements, developing and delivering them, online surveys management.
We may disclose your personal information as per regulation by law or your consent.   Non-Personal information: Non-personal information is a kind of data that doesn’t allow or associated with any individual like model of phone, IMEI number, location, installs CPN model, memory size etc. We may gather and use non-personal information in the following case such as to rectify problems in our services and products, improvements of services and products etc. Please note that when personal information combine with non personal we consider them as personal information.   For Software Update All Phone App We are collecting the following information. •
Install and update system apps information list User Data policy To find apps with pending updates, the software update feature fetches the package names of all apps and games on the user’s phone, and this data is processed quickly or ephemerally. This data is completely encrypted and secure. You will be able to use the software update feature only after you accept. This privacy policy informs you about why we collect data from our users. This privacy policy is a part of our terms of services. Without collecting this data, the app won't be able to check for updates. Data security: The security of user’s personal information is our first priority and adopts strict measures to safeguard user’s data from unauthorized access, disclosure and use. We have instigated technical, physical and administrative security measures according laws and industries standards. In addition, we use firewalls, encryption technology & network access to protect against theft and fraud. Please note that no method on Internet offers an ultimate security therefore we don’t guarantee ultimate security.   Third party services:   We may use various third party services to provide you improved services. We don’t have right to control third party websites and services, link to these websites and services appear in our application doesn’t mean that we approve them or other practices related to use any information.   Children’s privacy policy:   We don’t intentionally gather personally identifiable information anyone under age of 13. If you are parent or guardian be aware that children has provided us with personal data please let us know. It is obligatory for us to remove any information from our services if we came to know that data is gather from children without permission of parents.      Changes to privacy policy:   The privacy policy page may change or update whenever needed. We will inform you about changes in the privacy policy. Your persistent use of our application and services means that you have consent in those changes.      Contact us:   For further queries & questions please contact us at:  scietaltechfeedback@gmail.com               Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse