Privacy Policy - PromeAI
Products
Solutions
Explore
Contact Us
Flash Sale for Membership
EN
Log in / Sign up
Log in / Sign up
Products
Solutions
Explore
English
By using PromeAl.com
you agree to the use of cookies.
You can find details on how
we use cookies in our   Privacy Policy .
Privacy Policy for PromeAI
Introduction
PromeAI is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. This privacy policy outlines how we use and protect user information when you use our website.
Information Processing
We do not collect or use any personal information from our users. All data and information will be processed by the AI in the cloud server and sent to the user.
User-Generated Content
We process user-generated content such as images or text to provide our services. However, we do not store or retain any user-generated content after it has been processed and sent to the user.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies that are essential for our site to work.  To improve our website, we would like to use additional cookies to help us understand how visitors use the site, measure traffic to our site from social media platforms and to personalise your experience.
Security
We take appropriate measures to protect the user-generated content that is processed by our AI in the cloud server, including using encryption and secure storage.
User Choices and Control
As we do not collect or use any personal information from our users, you do not need to provide any personal information to use our website or services.
Third-Party Links
Our website may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these websites.
Children's Privacy
Our website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on our website.
If you still have questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at tech@cutout.pro.