Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Stylish Apps Developer
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
January 15, 2022
Stylish Apps Developer doesn't collect
any user personal data as, for example, name, picture or location.
Consequently, the we doesn't share any personal information with any other
entity or third parties.
Log Data
I want to
inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I
collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your
use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are
files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit
and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service
does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party
code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their
services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know
when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our
cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Security
I value your
trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of
transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure
and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to
Other Sites
This Service
may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will
be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by
me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these
websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s
Privacy
These
Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect
personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I
discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I
immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and
you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please
contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to
This Privacy Policy
I may update
our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the
new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after
they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have
any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact me at
stlylishappsdev786@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Stylish Apps Developer
Visit profile
Archive
January 2022 1
Report Abuse