Tornaglobos
Atrás
🎃
Halloween!
Nuevo
Promociones
Combos
Productos
Tiendas
Tutoriales
Atrás
🎃
Halloween!
Nuevo
Promociones
combos
Decoraciones Tematicas
Decoración Femenina
Decoración niña
Decoraciónes masculinas
Decoraciónes niño
Todas las Decoraciónes
Decoraciones con Helio
Guirnaldas
Fechas Especiales
San Valentín
Día de las madres
Día del padre
Mexicana
Halloween
Navideña
Año Nuevo
Festejos
Baby Shower
Revelacion de genero
Bautizo
Despedida de soltera
Graduación
Productos
Tiendas
Tutoriales
Privacy Policy
Ariane Leon built the Creador app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Ariane Leon at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Creador unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
We want to ensure that our users understand how and why we collect information. Although our app may store information on the user's device, we want to clarify that we do not send any information from the app to our servers, nor can we access such information stored on the user's device. The information stored locally on the user’s device is their exclusive property and control, and we have no means or intention of accessing it.
Log Data
We want to inform our users that, in the event of errors in the app, we do not have access to user information or data stored on their device through log data or any other means. Our ability to investigate and resolve issues is limited to general error information and does not include personal or user-specific information.
​
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly, and it does not incorporate third-party code or libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. Therefore, no cookies are being sent to your device from our service, and you do not have to take any action related to accepting or refusing cookies while using this service.
Service Providers
We want to inform our users that we are currently not using any third-party service providers to facilitate our service, to provide the service on our behalf, to perform service-related services, or to assist us in analyzing how our service is used. Therefore, no user information is shared with third parties for the aforementioned purposes.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Apps
This Service may contain options to share creations, and by doing so, it is possible that other apps on your device may be opened. If you choose to share a creation via a third-party link, you will be directed to that app or service. Note that these external apps are not operated by us. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these apps or services. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party apps or services.
Children’s Privacy
This application is intended solely for users who are of legal age, as it may refer to alcohol. We do not collect, store, or process personal information from users on our servers, regardless of their age. We urge parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this policy by instructing their children never to use our service if they are underage.
​
Data Deletion
We want to inform our users that they always have the option to delete their information. Since we do not have access to the app data stored on the user's device, the management and deletion of such data are the sole responsibility of the user. Users can delete their information at any time, using the data management options available on their device.
​
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
​
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us by e-mailing arianesanudo@gmail.com
Nosotros
Gracias por visitar nuestra página, cada dia estaremos agregando nuevas ideas para que puedas festejar de forma sorprendente
Catálogo
Femenino
Masculino
Niños
Niñas
Graduaciones
Productos
Letreros
Globos temáticos
Figuras Metálicas
Globos Latex
Bolsas de regalo
Matriz
Tornaglobos Av. Ensenada 2213, Madero (Cacho, 22040 Tijuana, B.C.)
Llámanos : 664 - 340 - 9085
Email : tornaglobos@gmail.com
2023 Tornaglobos powered by Tornasoft