Privacy Policy | Guidebook
account_circle Login chat_bubble_outline Contact call (888) 733-3942 English (US) English (US) English (UK) Why guidebook? overview Guidebook Overview Learn how simple it is to create an app and engage your audience Integrations We play well with other, connect with the tools you know and love Customer Reviews Explore what users, from individuals to global enterprises, have built with Guidebook Security Providing a secure product is a core belief at Guidebook, learn more Features Engage, inform, connect, generate revenue, communicate, analyze, and much more Features Engage A platform that facilitates a two-way dialog with your users Inform An interactive, well-organized guide to replace your paper program Connect Clean, simple user networking creates valuable interactions Generate Revenue ROI-positive sponsorship opportunities make attracting & retaining vendors easy Communicate Messages & updates deliver timely, targeted information Analyze Powerful data reveals insights that help you iterate and improve Request A Demo Find A Guide Solutions By Industry or Market Events Conference, trade show, symposium apps Schools Apps for the full university lifecycle Venues Interactive visitor guides Associations Member engagement, onboarding, and events apps Enterprise HR, internal communications, training and development apps by Branding Spaces Private, branded experiences within the Guidebook container app Request A Demo Find A Guide Partnerships overview Why Partner Case Studies Request A Demo Find A Guide Resources learn Blog North_East YouTube North_East Build Templates Developers & API Docs North_East Support North_East Featured Content EBOOK The Ultimate Event Planning Guide Learn More > BLOG How to Choose the Best Event App Learn More > Association Tips Best Practices for Planning Annual Member Meetings Learn More > Request A Demo Find A Guide Pricing Request A Demo Find A Guide search search Find a Guide Request a Demo menu Guidebook Privacy Policy Last Updated September 21, 2022 1. Purpose This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Guidebook collects, uses, and shares your Personal Information (defined below) and to assist you in exercising the privacy rights available to you. It also explains how we engage with Stripe, Inc. (“Stripe”) to provide the Services to you. The terms “Guidebook,” “we,” “us,” and “our” include Guidebook, Inc. (including Guidebook, Inc. d/b/a ReadyKey) and our affiliates and subsidiaries. All other terms not defined in the “Definitions” section below or otherwise herein will have the meanings set forth in the Guidebook
Terms of Service . 2. Scope Guidebook provides a platform to enable its customers (“Guidebook Customers”) to use mobile applications powered by Guidebook to share information with end-users of those mobile applications (“End Users”). Guidebook Customers include location and event hosts and organizers, employers, and other companies who use Guidebook’s services to develop and/or manage mobile guides to events or places (each a “Guide”). Guidebook allows End Users who attend or seek information about such locations and/or events to download and/or view one or more Guides within our application or within a Guidebook Customer’s branded application powered by Guidebook (each a “Guidebook App”). Guidebook Customers can also use our ReadyKey Platform to provide their employees (“ReadyKey End Users”) with mobile access to handbooks, alerts, and other company information. This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that is processed by Guidebook in the course of our business, including on Guidebook websites (each a “Site”), the Guidebook Apps, the ReadyKey platform, applications on the ReadyKey platform (each a “ReadyKey App”), forums, blogs, and our related online and offline offerings (collectively, the “Services”). Before using the Services or submitting any Personal Information to us, please review this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us at
privacy@guidebook.com
if you have any questions. By using the Services, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the Services. 3. Personal Information We Collect We collect information that alone or in combination with other information in our possession personally identifies you, referred to as “personal data” and/or “personal information” under applicable data protection laws (“Personal Information”). We collect Personal Information as follows: Guidebook Customers If you are a Guidebook Customer, you may provide Personal Information when you register with us through the Services to create and manage Guides and/or ReadyKey Apps, such as your name, company name, and email address. You may also provide payment information such as billing address and credit card information, which you submit directly to and is processed by Stripe. End Users and ReadyKey End Users When you download or use a Guidebook App, download or use any Guide published on a Guidebook App or elsewhere, use a Guide through the Services or a ReadyKey App, or otherwise engage with the Services, you may choose to provide Personal Information for your registration and/or profile including your name, email, photo/profile image, company, position/title, gender, phone number, and/or website (collectively, “Profile Information”). We collect your Mobile ID when you download a Guidebook App, a branded Guide app, or a ReadyKey App. Your Mobile ID is a unique, proprietary alphanumeric tag we create specifically to reflect your mobile device on our systems as a part of operating the Services. It is not known to any third party and is generated by a proprietary method we keep confidential. If you enable location services on your device for a Guidebook App or a ReadyKey App, we will collect information about your location when you use a Guidebook App or ReadyKey App. You may send messages to other End Users or ReadyKey End Users or connect with them, in which case we will collect records and data reflecting your interactions with the other users. You may be asked, but not required, to complete surveys about your use of the Services. Note that this information is treated like Profile Information for the purposes of this Policy. Visitors This Section describes the information that we may collect from people who visit our Sites (“Visitors”). To the extent you are a Guidebook Customer, an End User, or a ReadyKey End User and visit or use the Services, this Section will apply to you as well: If you contact us by email or by filling out a registration form, we may keep a record of the information you provide, such as contact information and correspondence. We will collect information reflecting your usage of, or behavior on, our Services through a web browser or mobile application, such as browser type, operating system version, click behavior, and connection speed (“Usage Information”). We may use session and persistent cookies, both first-party and third-party, to collect information about your visits to the Services. Interactive Features.
We may offer interactive features such as review forums, blogs, commenting functionality, and chat and messaging services. We and others who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any content you provide on the public sections of these features will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced in this policy. By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that any Personal Information you provide may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes. Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events.
We may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect Personal Information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in Guidebook and/or the Services. If you provide us with any information at one of these events, we will use it for the purposes for which it was collected. Automatic Data Collection.
We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address; user settings; International Mobile Equipment Identity Number (IMEI); MAC address; Technologies (as defined below) including cookie identifiers, mobile advertising, and other unique identifiers; mobile carrier; details about your browser, operating system, or device; location information (including inferred location based off of your IP address); Internet service provider; pages that you visit before, during, and after using the Services; information about the links you click; and other information about how you use the Services Information we collect may be associated with accounts and other devices. Cookies and Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your device that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers to store preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly. Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about engagement on the Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. Information from Other Sources.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including through Third-Party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example, if you access our Services through a Third-Party application, such as an App Store or SNS, we may collect information about you from that Third-Party application that you have made public via your privacy settings. Information we collect through App Stores or SNS accounts may include your name, your SNS user identification number, your SNS user name, location, sex, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts on the SNS. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to Guidebook and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services. 4. How Guidebook Uses Your Personal Information We use your Personal Information for a variety of business purposes, including: Guidebook Customers We use your Personal Information to provide and improve the Services, process payments, complete your transactions, administer your inquiries, and contact you regarding account activities, new version and product offerings, or other communications relevant to the Services. If you interact with End Users through a Guide, for example by sending notifications or other information to them, we keep records of such messaging on our servers and use it in the operation of the Services. The content of your Guide or ReadyKey App will be visible to any End Users or ReadyKey End Users who download the applicable Guide or App, and Guidebook does not control the use or dissemination of content in such cases by End Users, ReadyKey End Users, Visitors, or any third party. You are solely responsible for obtaining the consent of any data subjects whose Personal Information might be reflected in a Guide or ReadyKey App you create using the Services. End Users and ReadyKey End Users We use your Personal Information to provide and improve the Services. We use End Users’ and ReadyKey End Users’ Profile Information to populate a profile that is visible to other users of the Services. If you do not want other End Users to see this information, you should not input it into the Services. Guidebook cannot and does not control the actions taken by other End Users with information they can access through the Services. When End Users use or interact with a Guide, your Personal Information, including Usage Information, may be disclosed to the Guidebook Customer who created the Guide (“Guide Creator”). This may occur through a Guidebook App or another branded app powered by Guidebook. In some cases, Guide Creators may also export the Personal Information you provide them off of a Guidebook App. Please note that once a Guide Creator has received your Personal Information, your Personal Information will also be subject to that Guide Creator’s privacy policy. Guide Creators may use your Personal Information for any number of purposes, including to provide online advertising on a Guide and to send you information that they believe may be useful, relevant, or otherwise of interest to you. Guidebook is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of Guide Creators or the content of their advertisements. Guidebook does not restrict or control the use of Personal Information about End Users by Guide Creators, who may share your Personal Information with, for example, event sponsors. We recommend you review the privacy policy of the Guide Creator of any Guide you interact with, and contact the applicable Guide Creator if you have questions about how they use and share your Personal Information. Interacting with each Guide is at your own risk. We use QR codes to facilitate interactions between End Users. If you allow another End User to scan your QR Code, you will receive an “in-app connection” from that End User and your first and last name will be visible to them. If you accept the End User’s in-app connection request, they will be able to view the Personal Information you have made available in your Guidebook profile such as your email address, phone number, company, website, and social media profiles. If you register for an event and/or have your QR code scanned or otherwise check-in to an event using your Personal Information, Guidebook will share your Personal Information with the Guidebook Customer associated with the event. We use your location, if available through your device settings, to tailor the Services to you and offer you more relevant information about your Guide, event, location, or other nearby users. We use information about your interactions with other End Users or ReadyKey End Users, Guide Creators, or the Services to operate and improve the Services, deliver communications between you and other End Users, ReadyKey End Users, or Guide Creators, and/or notify you that you have relevant information available to you to review within the Guide, Guidebook App, or ReadyKey App. We use your Personal Information to communicate relevant information to you about the Services, your Guide, the Guidebook Apps, or your ReadyKey App via email and to authenticate your access to the account. For End Users, it is possible that, because of the nature of the Guide you download using a Guidebook App or otherwise, certain potentially-sensitive information about you may be logged on our systems – for example, if you download a Guide relating to transgender advocacy or diabetes treatment. End Users and ReadyKey End Users can send a request to
privacy@guidebook.com
to request that their Personal Information be deleted from our systems and not further shared with Guidebook Customers or other third parties. Note that this may require that you delete your Guidebook account and/or cease using the Services. Visitors We may use information you input into a registration or support contact form to respond to your inquiries. In addition, we may use such details to send you information regarding the Site and/or the Services. We use Usage Information so that we can improve the Site, optimize its performance, and learn which parts are most popular to Visitors. Administrative Purposes for All Personal Information Collected, Such as: Pursuing legitimate interests, such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention; Measuring interest and engagement in our Services; Improving the Services; Developing new products and services; Ensuring internal quality control and safety; Authenticating and verifying individual identities; Carrying out audits; Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and Privacy Policy changes; Preventing and prosecuting misuse of our Services and other potentially prohibited or illegal activities;. Enforcing our agreements and protecting our rights, privacy, safety, and property, and/or those of our affiliates, you, or other third parties; and Complying with our legal obligations and legal process. Payment Processing.
Any payments made via the Services are processed by Stripe and we do not directly collect, store, or maintain any payment card information provided. You can read Stripe’s Privacy Policy at: https://stripe.com/privacy. Accordingly, in addition to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, information related to your purchases is also processed according to Stripe’s Services Agreement and Privacy Policy. Marketing Guidebook Products and Services.
We may use Personal Information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth below. If you receive any marketing emails from us, you may unsubscribe using the link in the email. Consent.
We may use Personal Information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent. De-Identified and Aggregated Information Use.
Guidebook may use Personal Information and other information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the device from which you access the Services, or other analyses we create. De-identified and/or aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of Visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services. De-identified and/or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and Guidebook may use and share such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. In addition, Guidebook may share aggregated and/or de-identified information with our business partners and other third parties. Sharing Content.
Guidebook’s Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, Guidebook Customers may invite people to use the Services by becoming End Users or collaborators on a Guide through our collaboration and invitation tools, which allow you to provide email addresses and names of those whom you want to invite and invite them via email. How We Use Automatic Collection Technologies.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Services. Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories: Operationally Necessary. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of our sites, services, applications, and tools. This includes technologies that allow you access to our sites, services, applications, and tools; that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security; Performance Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our websites, applications, services, and tools, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our Visitors use our websites, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed a link, or to improve our website content, applications, services, or tools; Functionality Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our sites, services, applications, or tools. This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites; Advertising or Targeting Related. We may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites or on third party sites. This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement. If you would like to opt out of the Technologies we employ on our sites, services, applications, or tools, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or device permits. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive a notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. Please see the links below for guidance on how to modify your web browser’s settings on the most popular browsers: Microsoft Edge Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome Apple Safari Please note that if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Services and you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of the Services. Advertising networks may collect Personal Information through the use of cookies. Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources at
http://www.networkadvertising.org
and follow the opt-out instructions there. If you access the Services on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings. Analytics.
Guidebook uses third-party analytics tools to review and analyze your behavior using a Guide, a ReadyKey App, a Guidebook App, or the Sites to help us operate, maintain, and improve our products and services. Google Analytics.
You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites . User ID.
In addition to our standard use of Google Analytics, Guidebook also uses the Google Analytics’ User-ID feature to create persistent IDs that are linked to Google Analytics’ cookie identifiers and may be synced with your email address and other information we have collected about you. To be clear, this will allow Guidebook to sync Google Analytics’ cookie identifiers and related Site navigation, Site event interaction, and other session information with Personal Information (i.e., your email address and related information). Note that you must be logged in to your Guidebook account in order for the User ID feature to work. Guidebook may use this information to better understand your preferences, how you use the Services, and the products or services which you may be interested in. In addition, Guidebook uses the User ID feature to enable the following Google Analytics Advertising Features: Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, and integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data for advertising purposes, including via cookies and identifiers. You can find more information on Google Analytics’ User-ID by going to: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/3123662?hl=en&ref_topic=3123660. You may opt-out of Guidebook’s use of User-ID feature by following the instructions at: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. If you have any questions about Guidebook’s use of User ID, please email us at
privacy@guidebook.com . 5. How Guidebook Discloses Your Personal Information We may share your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy (e.g., with our Third Party service providers; with Guidebook Customers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your permission. Service Providers.
To assist us in meeting business operational needs, performing certain services and functions, and analyzing and improving our Services, we may share Personal Information with vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, cloud services and other information technology services providers, ecommerce services, event management services, email communication software and email newsletter services, advertising and marketing services, financial services providers and payment processors (including Stripe), customer relationship management and customer support services, and web analytics services (for more details on the third parties that place cookies through the Service, please see above). Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process or store Personal Information in the course of performing their duties to us. We take commercially reasonable steps to ensure our service providers adhere to the security standards we apply to your Personal Information, and to limit their use and other processing of your Personal Information to the performance of their services for us. Affiliates.
We may share Personal Information with our affiliates, meaning an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Guidebook. Our affiliates may use the Personal Information we share in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. Business Partners and Guidebook Customers.
We may provide Personal Information to business partners and Guidebook Customers to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also provide Personal Information to business partners and Guidebook Customers with whom we jointly offer products or services and as described in Section 4 above. Information Displayed to Other Users.
Your profile and activities on the Services may be visible on the Services to other End Users, Guide Creators, Guidebook Customers, or ReadyKey End Users. We are not responsible for privacy practices of the other End Users, Guide Creators, Guidebook Customers, or ReadyKey End Users who view and use your Personal Information. Advertising Partners.
Through our Services, Guidebook may allow third-party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third-party services within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below. APIs and Software Development Kits.
We may use third-party APIs and software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. APIs and SDKs may allow third parties including advertising partners to collect your Personal Information, including to provide content that is more relevant to you, for billing and payment processing, and for system monitoring. For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth below. Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., as Required by Law and Similar Disclosures).
Guidebook may share information in its possession with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will access, preserve and disclose any Personal Information collected from Guidebook Customers, End Users, ReadyKey End Users, and Visitors to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Guidebook or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes – e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities. Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
Guidebook may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information collected from Guidebook Customers, End Users, ReadyKey End Users, and Visitors, in connection with a capital financing, merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, sale of assets, bankruptcy, receivership, or transition of service to another provider. The use of your Personal Information following any of the foregoing events should be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected. Guidebook Customers All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. If you are accessing our Services from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that your Personal Information will be transferred to and stored in the United States as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, and Personal Information may be transmitted to our service providers supporting our business operations (described above). The United States may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located. 6. Your Choices 1. General You may have the right to object to and opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. The submission of Personal Information is voluntary and not required to use the Services. However, for Guides that use invite-only privacy settings, you may be required to create an account by entering your email address. You can also choose to set your profile to private which will prevent your Profile Information from appearing in our networking and/or engagement features. 2. Email and Telephone Communications If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding Guidebook and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy). 3. Mobile devices Guidebook may occasionally send you push notifications through a Guidebook App or a ReadyKey app. You may at any time opt out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. With your consent, Guidebook may also collect precise location information if you use a Guidebook App or a ReadyKey App. You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device. 4. “Do Not Track” Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not currently respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. If we do respond to DNT signals in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy to describe how we do so. 5. Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions here: https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile choice The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self regulatory programs. You can access these websites and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, https://youradchoices.ca/choices/, and www.aboutads.info/choices/. Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. 7. Your Privacy Rights If you reside in Canada, the European Economic Area, or certain other jurisdictions you may have the right to exercise certain privacy rights available to you under applicable data protection laws, including one or more of the rights listed below. We will process your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws, provided that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes or to complete transactions that you began prior to requesting any deletion. Right not to provide consent or to withdraw consent.
We may seek to rely on your consent in order to process certain Personal Information. Where we do so, you have the right not to provide your consent or to withdraw your consent at any time. This does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Right of access and/or portability.
You may have the right to access the Personal Information that we hold about you and, in some limited circumstances, have that data provided to you so that you can provide or “port” that data to another provider. Right of erasure.
In certain circumstances, you may have the right to the erasure of Personal Information that we hold about you (for example if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was originally collected). Right to object to processing.
You may have the right to request that we stop processing your Personal Information and/or to stop sending you marketing communications. Right to rectification.
You may have the right to require us to correct any inaccurate or incomplete Personal Information. Right to restrict processing.
You may have the right to request that we restrict processing of your Personal Information in certain circumstances (for example, where you believe that the Personal Information we hold about you is not accurate or lawfully held). Right to lodge a complaint to your local Data Protection Authority.
If you are an EEA resident, you have the right to submit a complaint to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. How to Exercise Your Rights.
To exercise any of the rights above, contact us at
privacy@guidebook.com . Please identify yourself and specify your request. If you have a password protected account, we may generally use your account information to verify your identity. If not, we may ask you to provide additional verification information. What we request will depend on the nature of your request, how sensitive the information is, and how harmful unauthorized disclosure or deletion would be. We use commercially reasonable efforts to delete your Personal Information as required but may retain records necessary to comply with a governmental authority or applicable federal, state, or local law. Where legally permitted, we may decline to process requests, including requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, or jeopardize the privacy of others. 8. Data Retention Guidebook retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. 9. Update Your Information Please log in to your account or contact us at
privacy@guidebook.com
if you need to change or correct your Personal Information. 10. Security of Your Information Guidebook is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ commercially reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect Personal Information. Unfortunately, no transmission of information over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. You use the Services at your own risk. We encrypt transmissions through our Services, including transmission of Personal Information, with Transport Layer Security (TLS), a cryptographic protocol recognized in the software industry as a reasonable secure method of internet transmission. In addition, our cloud service providers implement industry standard security measures to protect your Personal Information when in storage and/or at rest. Your payment information, subject to any changes to our third-party payment processor’s operations, is secured by our third-party payment processor according to the Payment Card industry Data Security Standards, Level 1. Our employees are provided with context-specific access to our systems and your Personal Information, and they are subject to contractual obligations to access and use your Personal Information only as required to deliver the Services to you. Any changes to the security of Personal Information are reviewed and approved by Guidebook management. By using the Services or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing. 11. Third Party Websites/Applications The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk. 12. Children's Information Our Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law). You are not permitted to use our Services if you do not meet the minimum age requirement applicable to our Services in your jurisdiction. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at
privacy@guidebook.com . If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible and terminate the child’s account. 13. Supervisory Authority If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your Personal Information violates applicable law. 14. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect. 15. Contact Guidebook If you have any questions about or suggestions for improving this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@guidebook.com
or by mail at: Guidebook, Inc. Attn: Security Department 584 Castro St #2128 San Francisco, CA 94114 Our commitment to mobile apps Our mission is to make it simple to create and manage mobile apps. Over a hundred thousand organizations have used Guidebook to power their mobile experiences. While we’ve had a lot of success powering
conference apps ,
corporate meeting apps , and
university campus apps , our platform has been used for thousands of different use cases. Forward-thinking professionals are using Guidebook’s simple app builder to make interactive mobile guides for their
student orientations ,
college campus tours ,
venues ,
corporate campuses , parks, and airports. Start
going green
with iPhone and Android apps built by the
best event app company
in the industry. Business Types Event Apps Campus Apps Venue Apps Enterprise Apps Association Apps Create an App Guides Find a Guide Templates Build a Guide Information Pricing Features Integrations Customer Reviews Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Security Resources Guidebook Blog North_East Support North_East Developers & API Docs North_East About Home Company Culture Team Careers Partner with Guidebook Press & Media chat_bubble_outline Contact call (888) 733-3942