Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
MV Infotech
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
March 19, 2022
When you use MV Infotech Mobile applications on Android,
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by MV Infotech through
our mobile applications and how we use that information.  Your privacy is important to Developer.
Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request; We are
committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors. This page is used to inform
visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of
Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
Personal Information :
1.Take Photos and Videos:
This permission allows us to use your device’s camera to
take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash.
2.Modify system settings:
This permission is used in settings, in order to switch or
adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
3.Expand/collapse status bar:
This permission is used for the gesture feature of User
System to expand and collapse the status bar.
4.Anonymous identifiers:
we use anonymous identifiers when you interact with services
such as advertising services and others.
5.Photos / Media Files:
Modify or delete the contents of your Storage.
6.Full network access:
This permission is used to access the device’s network for
certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app
classification labels.
7.Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi:
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar
in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
8.Measure app storage space:
This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage
space used by an application.
9.Access Coarse Location:
Some of our application may use this permission to access
approximate location derived from networklocaion source such as cell tower and
Wi-Fi. This information is untraceable .we don’t collect and share location
information to others.
10.Access Fine Location:
Some of our applications may use this permission to access
precise location derived from network location. This information is
untraceable. We don’t collect and share location information to others.
11.Wake Lock:
Some of our applications may use this permission to access
Power Manager Wake Locks to keep processor from sleeping or screen from
dimming. When user want to display digital clock on screen.
12.Send SMS, Read SMS, Receives Ms:
Some of our applications may use these permissions to read,
send or receive SMS from device. We don’t collect, save or share your messages.
This is highly securable.
13.Bluetooth:
Some of our applications may use this permission to connect
the paired Bluetooth devices when you request.
14.Read G services:
Some of our applications may use (parts of) the Google
Services Framework, it must declare the READ_GSERVICES permission. This
information is untraceable.
15.Receive Boot Completed:
Some of our applications may use this permission to allow
alarm, Background services etc,. After booting has been completed.
16.Set Alarm:
Some of our applications may use this permission to access
alarm from devices and sets.
17.Bluetooth Admin:
Some of our applications may use this permission to discover
and pair Bluetooth devices.
18.Bluetooth Privileged:
Some of our applications may use this permission to pair
Bluetooth devices without user interaction, and to allow or disallow phonebook
access or message access. We don’t save or share information.
19.Record Audio:
Some of our applications may use this permission to record
an audio sound when you request. We don’t collect or share the information.
20.Modify Audio Settings:
Some of our applications may use this permission to modify
global audio settings as your request.
21.Read Calendar:
Some of our applications may use this permission to read
CALENDER info. We don’t share and save this information.
22.Read Call Log and Write Call Log:
Some of our applications may use these permissions to
display call logs from devices. We don’t collect, save or share your call
information. This is highly securable.
23.Clear App Cache:
Some of our applications may use this permission to clear
all the caches from all installed applications when you request.
24.Call phone:
some of our application may use this permission to initiate
a phone call without going through the dialler to check the USSD codes. We do
not collect or share this information.
25.Read Contacts:
Some of our application may use this permission to read your
contact information when you request. We do not collect or share this
information. We use this permission to announce caller name or to display
dialled/received calls/ missed calls when you request.
How We Use Your Information :
We Don’t
Store Your Information, We just Use that Information To provide you best
performance of Application. We Use Your data in your App Only For Your
Use Only, Like Photos for Making Photo Edit , Photo Frames
etc.
NON- PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We may
collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances.
To have a better understanding in user’s behaviour, solve
problems in products and services, improve our products, services and
advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed
application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use,
country, equipment.
If non-personal information is combined with personal
information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the
purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ad Networks and Cross Promotion Ads:
We
welcome the third parties ad networks for accepting advertisements (banners,
interstitials and video ads etc...). In our apps and games, these
advertisements authorized to be displayed. Advertisers may use cookies and
other web-tracking technologies to collect data, in case that user clicks on
any of these advertisements.
We promote our own games, apps and services in different
types of ways. That might include cross promoting one of our games or app while
you are playing a different game of ours.
We display ads to cross promote apps and games, developed by
us. We do not gather or share any of your personal identification information
to display our ads.
Kids Privacy Policy
This
Kids Privacy Policy has to be specified to indicate you, with guidance
regarding our privacy policies with respect to collecting, using and disclosing
personal information, regarding the legal guardian of a child under the age of
13 years old.
Many of our Games/Apps are intended for general audiences,
and we do not knowingly gather or use any Personal Information from children
and kids under the age of 13. When users are identified as under 13, we will
block such users from providing Personal Information or make sure to get prior
parental consent before collecting Personal Information.
If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and you
think your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us.
We offers mobile applications and games (Kids Apps), which
are targeted to children under the age of 13 and also other apps are not
targeted under the age of 13.
If you have additional questions about our Privacy Practices
related to children under the age of 13, please contact us.
Content Sharing
You
understand and agree that all Content that you have to be sent using our Services
(For example data, sound, photographs, graphics or video), whether publicly
posted or privately sent, is the sole responsibility of the person that sent
the Content. This means that you, not us, are entirely responsible for all
Content that you may upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available
through our Services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy :
MV
Infotech may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised
to review this page periodically for any changes. MV Infotech will notify you
of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes
are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, mvinfotech1999@gmail.com
Thank You...
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Fatih August 12, 2022 at 8:24 AM fatihcasliskan@gmail.com Reply Delete Replies Carles August 14, 2022 at 12:41 AM Tengo que hacer algo para poder cambiar la vida gracias
Delete Replies Reply Reply Mel August 20, 2022 at 10:50 AM Me Reply Delete Replies Reply 김우정 September 7, 2022 at 5:00 AM 김우정
Reply Delete Replies Reply Cristobal October 12, 2022 at 8:54 AM Nada Reply Delete Replies Reply Youssra Elle December 5, 2022 at 4:59 AM Malak Reply Delete Replies Reply The Pricil Love February 17, 2023 at 10:15 AM Created. The Pricil Love. Online 0216/2023 @ 13:11 gmt Reply Delete Replies Reply Add comment Load more...
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
MV Infotech
Visit profile
Archive
March 2022 1
Report Abuse