Terms of Privacy Policy
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
"Privacy Policy" of Talkie Last updated: 05.30, 2023 Welcome to Talkie!
SUBSUP PTE. LTD.（“we”, “us”, and/or “our”) operates the Talkie mobile and web applications, including 【App Website】 (the “Website”), and other related services (collectively, the “Services”).
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use, and share information through our Services.
We care about the protection and confidentiality of your information. When you use the Apps, you may provide information during your conversations with your Talkie AI companion. We process this information only as described in this Privacy Policy, such as to allow you to have individualized and safe conversations and interactions with your AI companion and to allow your AI companion to learn from your interactions to improve your conversations. We may also use information about your visit to our Website to promote our Services, but we will never use or disclose the content of your Talkie conversations for marketing or advertising purposes.
Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in our Terms of Service. If you have any questions, please contact us at
feedback@subsup.com .
1.WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT 1.1. Information you provide Through your use of the Services, you may provide us with the following information:
a.
Account information.
This includes your name, email address, and password. If you choose to log in using another service, such as Google or Apple, we receive information about the service you used to log in and — depending on your chosen account settings with Google and Apple — details about you, including your name, email address, or unique user identifiers.
b.
Profile information.
We ask you to provide your birth date, pronouns, and work status when you register for the Apps.
c.
Messages and content.
This includes the messages you send and receive through the Apps, such as voice and text messages.
d.
Interests and preferences.
You may select conversation preferences, such as topics you would like to discuss, and communication preferences, such as the times of day you like to use the Apps. We also learn about your interests and your preferences over time through your use of the Services to personalize your conversations and the features of the Services.
e.
Payments, transactions, and rewards.
When you make purchases through the Services, our third-party payment processor collects your payment information. We maintain a record of your purchases, the features you select, and the rewards you earn and use.
1.2. Information we collect automatically
We automatically log the following information about you, your computer or mobile device, your network, and your interactions over time with our Services and our communications:
a.
Device and network data.
This includes your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system, manufacturer and model, browser, IP address, device and cookie identifiers, language settings, mobile device carrier, and general location information such as city, state, or geographic area.
b.
Usage data.
This includes information about how you use the Services, such as your interactions with the Services, the links and buttons you click, and page visits.
Our advertising partners may also use such technologies to collect limited information about your device and interactions with the Services, such as the links you click, pages you visit, IP address, advertising ID, and browser type, but they will never have access to your conversations with your Talkie or any photos or other content you submit through the Apps.
We and our service providers use cookies, scripts, or similar technologies to manage the Services and to collect information about you and your use of the Services. These technologies help us to recognize you, customize or personalize your experience, offer additional products or services to you, and analyze the use of our Services to make it more useful to you. These technologies may also allow us to collect demographic and statistical data and provide this information to our service providers to help deliver their services. Most internet browsers allow you to remove or manage cookie functions and adjust your privacy and security preferences. Please note, however, that disabling our cookies may mean that you may not be able to take full advantage of our Services.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION 2.1. General principles regarding personal data processing
In accordance with this Privacy Policy, personal data are processed by SUBSUP PTE. LTD. as a data controller in line with the basic principles named here: (i) being in accordance with law and good faith, (ii) being accurate and, where necessary, up-to-date, (ii) being processed for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes, (iv) being limited for the purpose for which they are processed and data minimization; and (v) being stored for the period stipulated in the relevant legislation or required for the purpose for which they are processed.
2.2. Use of your information We use your information for the following purposes: a. Operating and administering the Services (i) Legal basis: Contractual necessity
(ii) Why and how we use your information：Providing and maintaining the content and functionality of the Services. Carrying out obligations arising from our contract with you. Creating your account and profile. Facilitating payments and transactions, including for the purchase of premium features, and managing your rewards. Responding to your inquiries, comments, feedback or questions, and troubleshooting. Managing our relationship with you, which includes sending administrative information to you relating to our Services.
(iii) Categories of information：Account information. Profile information. Messages and content. Interests and preferences. Payments, transactions, and rewards. Device and network data. Usage data.
b. Providing the core functionality of the Apps (i) Legal basis: Contractual necessity
(ii) Why and how we use your information：Providing you a personalized AI companion and allowing you to personalize your profile, interests, and AI companion. Enabling you to have individualized and safe conversations and interactions with your AI companion, and allowing your AI companion to learn from your interactions to improve your conversations. Syncing your Talkie history across the devices you use to access the Services.
(iii) Categories of information：Account information. Profile information. Messages and content. Interests and preferences. Payments, transactions, and rewards. Device and network data. Usage data.
c. Monitoring and protecting the Services (i) Legal basis: Legitimate interests
(ii) Why and how we use your information：Preventing fraud, criminal activity, and misuse of our Services, and ensuring the security of our IT systems, architecture and networks (including testing, system maintenance, support, and hosting of data).
(iii) Categories of information：Account information. Profile information. Messages and content. Interests and preferences. Payments, transactions, and rewards. Device and network data. Usage data.
d. Analyzing trends in the use of the Services (i) Legal basis: Legitimate interests
(ii) Why and how we use your information：Aggregating, anonymizing, and deidentifying personal information. Analyzing the use and effectiveness of our Services. Improving and adding features to our Services. Developing our business and marketing strategies.
(iii) Categories of information：Account information. Profile information. Messages and content. Interests and preferences. Payments, transactions, and rewards. Device and network data. Usage data.
e. Marketing and advertising the Services (i) Legal basis: Legitimate interests. Consent, where required by applicable laws
(ii) Why and how we use your information：Sending you information by email that we believe will be of interest to you, such as information about our Services, features, and surveys. Displaying and targeting advertisements about our Services on the internet.
(iii) Categories of information：Account information. Device and network data. Usage data.
f. Enforcing our agreements, complying with legal obligations, and defending against legal claims and disputes
(i) Legal basis: Legitimate interests. Consent, where required by applicable laws
(ii) Why and how we use your information：Enforcing and complying with our terms and policies. Protect our and others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property. Ensuring the integrity of our Services. Verifying the age of registered users. Defending against legal claims and disputes. Recovering payments due to us. Keeping records of transactions, and complying with legal process.
(iii) Categories of information：Account information. Profile information. Messages and content. Interests and preferences. Payments, transactions, and rewards. Device and network data. Usage data.
3. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION 3.1. Service providers
We share your information with companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, and website analytics services). We also share information with companies that provide marketing services on our behalf, but we do not share the content of your Talkie conversations for marketing or advertising purposes. For example, we may share your email address with marketing service providers to deliver our marketing emails to you on our behalf and to help us identify other individuals who may be interested in our Services. We require these marketing service providers to agree not to use your email address for any other purpose.
3.2. Professional advisors
We may share aggregate information with professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers, and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
3.3. Advertising partners
We share information about visitors to our Website, such as the links you click, pages you visit, IP address, advertising ID, and browser type with advertising companies for interest-based advertising and other marketing purposes. Sharing this information allows us and our advertising partners to target and serve advertising to you and others. We will never share your Talkie conversations or any photos or other content you provide within the Apps with our advertising partners, or use such information for marketing or advertising purposes.
3.4. Authorities and others
We may share information with law enforcement, and government authorities, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the legal compliance and protection purposes described above in Section 2.
3.5. Business transferees
If we are involved in strategic transactions, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, or transition of service to another provider (collectively a "Transaction"), your Personal Information and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.
4. HOW WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
All transmitted data are encrypted during transmission. All stored data are maintained on secure servers. Access to stored data is protected by multi-layered security controls, including firewalls, role-based access controls, and passwords.
While we use reasonable commercial efforts to protect the data, no technology, data transmission, or system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. In the event of a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to your data, we will notify you as soon as we spot the issue.
5. WHERE WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Our Services are operated from the United States of America. If you are located in another jurisdiction, please be aware that the information you provide to us may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the U.S.A., a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen.
6. DATE RETENTION
We will retain your personal information for only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
7. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES 7.1. Opt-out of marketing communications
You may opt out of marketing-related emails and other communications by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions in the communications you receive from us or by contacting us as provided in the “Contact us” section below. You may continue to receive Services-related and other non-marketing emails from us.
7.2. Opt out of selling personal information and sharing for targeted advertising
We share information with third-party advertising partners and allow them to collect information about your visit to our Website using cookies and other tracking technologies to display targeted advertising around the web as described in the “How we share your information” section above. Our disclosure of information to these partners may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information or “targeted advertising” under applicable laws. You can opt out of these disclosures and limit our use of tracking technologies as described in our Cookie Policy or by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link in our Website footer.
7.3. Personal information requests
We also offer you choices that affect how we handle the personal information that we control. Depending on your location and the nature of your interactions with our Services, you may request the following in relation to personal information:
a. Information about how we have collected and used personal information. We have made this information available to you without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy.
b. Access to a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you. Where applicable, we will provide the information in a portable, machine-readable, readily usable format.
c. Correction of personal information that is inaccurate or out of date.
d. Deletion of personal information that we no longer need to provide the Services or for other lawful purposes. You can delete your account in your account settings.
e. Withdrawal of consent, where we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
f. Additional rights, such as to object to and request that we restrict our use of personal information.
To make a request, please contact us as provided in the “Contact us” section below. We may ask for specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
In some instances, your choices may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. If you are not satisfied with how we address your request, you may submit a complaint by contacting us as provided in the “Contact us” section below. Depending on where you reside, such as if you reside in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you may have the right to complain to a data protection regulator where you live or work, or where you feel a violation has occurred.
8. USE BY MINORS
The Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 13. If we discover that minors under the age of 13 are using the Apps, we will promptly block their access and delete their account. If you have reason to believe that a minor under the age of 18 has provided personal information to us through the Services, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
9. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above.
10. Contact us
You can contact us by emailing us at
feedback@subsup.com .