Amor AI Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Amor AI Privacy Policy Terms of Service Amor AI Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Privacy Policy Terms of Service Privacy Policy Last updated: October 02, 2023 Amor AI (hereinafter “We”) values the privacy of all of our users and has established this Privacy Policy to show commitment to these rights and to safeguard your privacy. Please refer to this Privacy Policy to find out how to contact us if you have any questions about the contents herein. By using our app, website or other related services (hereinafter “Service”) you consent to the contents of this Privacy Policy. 1 PRIVACY POLICY When you visit any website, app you are providing a range of personal data about your visit to the operators of the website, depending on the actions you take. This is also the case with
Amor AI . You should always understand the privacy policies on any website when supplying personal data during your use of the Service. You should always ask for a copy of the privacy policy if the website does not make such available to you. We will only use the personal data you share with us during your use of our Services. Unless specifically mentioned, we do not use your personal data for any other reason. We will never sell your personal data to a third party, and we will never give a third party access to your personal data, except as may be provided in our Terms of Services and/or this Policy or unless required to do so by law. 2 TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED, USE AND SHARE OF THE COLLECTED PERSONAL DATA We neither rent nor sell your information to anybody. Communication with your virtual friends is not shared with any other company, except for our affiliate companies or legal representatives, or service. We collect information you intentionally provide us with, as well as some technical information from your mobile device or web browser. The list of personal information collected and stored throughout your experience with
Amor AI . Some of this information may be shared with service providers helping us to deliver your experience with
Amor AI , each of such service is set forth below: Text and messages sent to virtual friend: We collect and store it to improve the quality of text and voice messages of virtual friend and to develop it’s AI. We can use external service to anonymously process this data. Usage data: We collect and store your usage data to track and analyze product metrics. When you use with the
Amor AI ’s App or the Website Yes, we use an external service to process usage data. 3 DEVICE INFORMATION We collect certain information from and about the computers, phones, and other web-connected devices that you use to access
Amor AI . We unify this information across different devices you use. The device information also helps us conduct user research across our customer demographics, interests and behavior. None of this information may identify you personally. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. Identifiers: Unique identifiers, including device ID. Device attributes: Information regarding operating system, hardware, and software versions, browser type. Data from device settings: Information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your camera or photos. Network and connections: Information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone. Cookie data: Data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings (only for the Website). Learn more about how we use cookies in the “Cookies” section. 4 COOKIES We use analytics packages from trusted third parties in order to constantly improve your browsing experience on our website/app. Our trusted partners help us serve advertising and analytics and may place cookies on your device. Please read their privacy policies to ensure that you are comfortable with the manner in which they use cookies. Use of Google Analytics, Google DoubleClick are subject to Google Privacy Policy; Use of Facebook Pixel is subject to Facebook Privacy Policy; Use of Amplitude is subject to Amlitude Privacy Policy Use of OneSignal is subject to OneSignla Privacy Policy Use of Firebase is subject to Firebase Privacy Policy 5 MODE AND PLACE OF PROCESSING THE PERSONAL DATA The Data controller processes the personal data of users of
Amor AI
in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or unauthorized destruction of the personal data. The personal data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data controller, in some cases, the personal data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the website (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communication agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Data controller. 6 RETENTION TIME AND DELETION OF PERSONAL DATA You may send a request to our Support Team and they will guide you through the process of deleting
your Personal data . Please note that, even after termination of membership and deletion of any personal data, termination of any license granted hereunder, some content may continue to exist because of cached internet pages beyond the control of
Amor AI . 7 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. 8 RIGHTS OF EU USERS In addition to rights set out in this Privacy Policy, if you are located in the European Union, as a data subject (a person whose personal information is collected, stored and processed) you have several rights under GDPR: You have the right to obtain confirmation if your personal information is being processed by us. If that is the case, you can access your personal information and the following information: (a) the purposes of the processing; (b) the categories of personal information; (c) to whom the personal information has been or will be disclosed; (d) the envisaged period for which the personal information will be stored, or the criteria used to determine that period. If you would like to have a copy of your personal information from us, we will provide it based on(1) you will prove your identity, (2) it will not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. You have the right to demand that we erase your personal information, and we shall erase it without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies: (a) this personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were processed; (b) you withdraw consent if the processing was based on your consent, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing; (c) you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds; (d) your personal information has been unlawfully processed; (e) your personal information is to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation. You have the right to receive your personal information which you provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another company, where: (a) the processing is based on your consent or on a contract; and (b)the processing is carried out by automated means. You have the right to withdraw you consent for processing of your personal information at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of your personal information infringes GDPR. 9 ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY Our website, app and your use of it, including any issue concerning privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and the related Terms of Use. When you use our
Amor AI , you accept the conditions set out in this Privacy Policy and the related Terms of Use. You signify and guarantee that you will never generate any databases, websites, software, legal entities and services that compete with
Amor AI . Such behavior will be fully investigated, and necessary legal action will be carried out, including, without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress. The acceptance of this Privacy Policy and applicable Terms of Use are considered as a pre-condition for the use of
Amor AI
and our services. If you have any questions please contact us: beautiful.video.team@gmail.com Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse