ScribbleVet | Privacy Policy Scribble Vet Privacy Policy Last Updated: May 19, 2023
Kairo Care, Inc. (“Kairo Care,” “us”, “we” or “our”) values your privacy, and is committed to protecting your personal information. We provide cloud-based transcription services (our “Services”) to veterinary medical practices to enable veterinary healthcare providers (our “Clients”) to record office visits (“Recordings”) with their customers (“Customer(s)”) and have those recordings transcribed (“Transcriptions”).
In this Privacy Notice (“Notice”), we describe how we collect, use, and share personal information about our Clients and their Customers through our Services, websites (“Sites”), and mobile applications (“Apps”) where this Notice is posted. Our Clients may also provide their own privacy notices on the Sites and Apps, as appropriate.
In this Notice, we provide information about:
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
TRANSFERRING PERSONAL INFORMATION GLOBALLY
HOW WE PROTECT AND DISPOSE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
CHILDREN UNDER 18
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
OTHER INFORMATION
HOW TO CONTACT US
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
Kairo Care potentially collects two different categories of personal information:
The personal information of our Clients or potential Clients (“Client Information”), and
The personal information of Customers through the Client’s use of the Services (“Customer Information”).
Kairo Care uses these categories of personal information differently because while we have a direct relationship with our Clients and therefore may determine why and how to handle Client Information, our relationship with Customers is indirect and based on our relationship with our Client. We only handle Customer Information in accordance with our Client’s instructions.
If you are a Customer who has a relationship with one of our Client’s, such as a doctor’s office or other healthcare provider, and have a question about how your personal information is collected, used, or shared, or would like to exercise any rights you may have with respect to your personal information, please contact the Client directly.
We will only collect, use, and share personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do so. Subject to consent if required by law, we may collect the following categories and types of Client Information as relevant to the Services through Recording and Transcriptions:
Identifiers
(including name and contact information including telephone number, email address, or postal address, or other specific identifiers related to your use of the Service),
Information protected against security breaches
(such as financial account information and username and password),
Commercial information
(such as your access and purchase history, the products and services we provide to you, your marketing preferences, or information you provide in any communication with us or when you participate in any blog, community or forum on our Sites),
Internet/electronic activity
(see “Cookies” for additional information),
Professional or employment related information
(such as your status with the organization with which you are affiliated), and
Inferences
from the foregoing such as your preferences and characteristics
Through Recordings made by our Clients, We may also have access to and collect the following categories of Customer Information through the use of the Services, Sites and Apps by our Clients:
Identifiers
(such as name, contact information including telephone number, email address, or postal address),
Information protected against security breaches
(such as your name and financial account, health/medical information, username and password),
Commercial information
(including records of activity and products or services purchased), and
Internet/electronic activity
(see “Cookies” for additional information)
How we use your personal information.
We use your personal information to provide the Services, Sites and Apps. In providing the Services, we may use your personal information for the following business purposes:
Create, maintain or provide service for your account,
Process or fulfill requests from you,
Respond to customer service requests from you,
Verify your information,
Process payments,
Undertake activities to maintain the quality, safety or integrity of the Services,
Market to our Clients subject to their consent if required by applicable law,
Maintain data security including detecting and responding to security incidents and protecting you, and us, from fraud,
Monitor our Services, Sites and Apps, including gathering usage data and other analytic information that enables us to maintain and improve the Services or to develop new products and/or services,
Other uses that are required for us to meet our legal, contractual or regulatory requirements, and
Other uses as directed by Clients and subject to their privacy notices.
Lawful basis for processing.
As a data processor and service provider, we process Customer Information solely for the purpose of providing the Services consistent with our contractual obligations to our Clients.
Data anonymization and aggregation.
Subject to your consent if required by law, we may anonymize or aggregate your personal information in such a way as to ensure that you are not identified or identifiable from it, in order to use the anonymized or aggregated data. For example, we may use anonymized or aggregated data for statistical analysis including to analyze trends, for product/service improvement and development, and for risk assessments and cost analysis. We may share anonymized or aggregated data with our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or with other third parties.
This Notice does not restrict our use or sharing of any non-personal, summarized, derived, anonymized or aggregated information.
HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
With third-party service providers to the extent required to provide the Services, Sites and/or Apps. For example, we share personal information with IT service providers who help manage our back office systems or administer our Sites and Apps. These third-party service providers have agreed to confidentiality restrictions and have agreed to use any personal information we share with them, or which they collect on our behalf, solely for the purpose of providing the contracted service to us.
With banks and payment providers to authorize and complete card payments.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may also disclose personal information about you if we believe such disclosure is necessary to comply with laws, respond to lawful requests and legal process, or to protect or defend our rights, safety or property (including to enforce our agreements, notices, and terms of use). We may disclose personal information if needed to protect the health or safety of users.
TRANSFERRING PERSONAL INFORMATION GLOBALLY
Your personal information may be transferred to and stored in the United States or in another country outside of the country in which you reside, which may be subject to different standards of data protection than your country of residence.
Consistent with the instruction provided to us from our Client, we will take appropriate steps to ensure that transfers of personal information are in accordance with applicable law, are carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests and limited to countries which are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where alternative adequate arrangements are in place to protect your privacy rights.
HOW WE PROTECT AND DISPOSE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take seriously our responsibility to protect the security and privacy of your personal information. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Any suspected attempt to breach our notices, policies, or procedures, or to engage in any type of unauthorized action involving our information systems, is regarded as potential criminal activity. Suspected computer mischief may be reported to the appropriate authorities.
Please remember that communications over the internet such as emails are not secure. We seek to keep secure all confidential information and personal information submitted to us in accordance with our obligations under applicable laws and regulations. However, like all website operators, we cannot guarantee the security of any data transmitted through the internet.
When we no longer need your personal information to provide the Services, it will be securely deleted or de-identified in a manner that ensures you cannot be re- identified.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
A “cookie” is a text file that is stored to your browser when you visit a website.
Unique device identifiers like IP address or UDID recognize a visitor’s computer or other device used to access the internet. Unique device identifiers are used alone and in conjunction with cookies and other tracking technologies for the purpose of “remembering” computers or other devices used to access the Services, Sites and Apps.
Cookies can be classified by duration and by source:
Duration.
The Sites use both “session” and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies are temporary - they terminate when you close your browser or otherwise end your “active” browsing session. Persistent cookies remember you on subsequent visits. Persistent cookies are not deleted when you close your browser, and they will remain on your computer or other device unless you choose to delete them (see below for “How to Delete or Block Cookies”).
Source.
Cookies can be “first-party” or “third-party” cookies, which means that they are either issued by or on behalf of us or by a third-party operator of another website.
The cookies that we may use on the Sites fall into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions taken by you such as logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but blocking them may impede the functionality of the Sites.
Performance Cookies.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functionality Cookies.
These cookies enable the Sites to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some of these services may not function properly.
How to Delete or Block Cookies
On some Sites, when technically feasible, we will enable tools to help you make choices about cookies. You may also delete or block cookies at any time by changing your browser settings. You can click “Help” in the toolbar of your browser for instruction or review the cookie management guide produced by the Interactive Advertising Bureau available at
www.allaboutcookies.org . If you delete or block cookies, some features of the Sites may not function properly.
CHILDREN UNDER 18
The Services, Sites and Apps are not intended to be used by children. We do not knowingly solicit business from anyone under the age of 18. Any Client use of the Service to collect personal information from persons under the age of 18 is subject to such Client’s own privacy notice.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
If you are a Customer and have questions about legal rights you may have with respect to your personal information collected by our Client, please consult the Client with which you have a relationship. For example, if you are an owner of pet of a veterinarian’s office that uses Kairo Care, you should consult your veterinarian’s office.
OTHER INFORMATION
Changes and Updates.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove or otherwise change any portion of this Notice, in whole or in part, at any time. When we amend this Notice, we will revise the “last updated” date located at the top of the document. We will also take reasonable steps to ensure you are made aware of any material updates including providing you direct communication about such changes or providing a notification through the Services or Apps, as appropriate. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, your continued use of the Services, Sites and/or Apps shall mean that you have agreed to the latest changed made to this Notice.
The most current version of this Notice will be available on the Sites and Apps and will supersede all previous versions of this Notice.
Choice of Law.
Except where prohibited by law, this Notice, including all revisions and amendments thereto, is governed by the laws of the Delaware, without regard to its conflict or choice of law principles which would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
CONTACT US
If you are a Customer and have questions about legal rights you may have with respect to your personal information collected by our Client, please consult the Client with which you have a relationship. For example, if you are an owner of pet of a veterinarian’s office that uses Kairo Care, you should consult your veterinarian’s office.
For other questions about this Notice, or if you are a Client and want to exercise your rights as described in this Notice, you may contact us as follows:
Kairo Care, Inc.
privacy@kairocare.com Terms of Use • Privacy Policy • ©2023 Kairo Care, Inc.