Smarters Player - Xtream IPTV Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Smarters Player - Xtream IPTV Smarters Player - Xtream IPTV Privacy Policy INTRODUCTION Thank you for choosing Smarters’ Products and Services! We at Player value your privacy and the security of your personal data. Therefore, we want to be transparent with our policies so that you feel comfortable in using our products and services. We will explain how your personal data is collected, used, stored, processed, and shared. We will also explain how you can control your personal data that is shared with us. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) will explain exactly how we aim to secure your personal data and protect your privacy. ABOUT THIS POLICY This Policy sets out the essential details relating to your personal data relationship with Player. The Policy applies to all products and services. The terms governing your use of the Player Service are defined in our Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms and Conditions of Use”). From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional products or services. If the introduction of these new or additional products and services results in any material change to the way we collect or process your personal data we will provide you with more information or additional terms or policies. Unless stated otherwise when we introduce these new or additional products or services, they will be subject to this Policy. The aim of this Policy is to: Ensure that you understand what personal data we collect about you, the reasons why we collect and use it, and who we share it with; Explain the way we use the personal data that you share with us in order to give you a great experience when you are using Player’s Products and services We hope this helps you to understand our privacy commitments to you. For information on how to contact us if you ever have any questions or concerns, please see ‘How to contact us’ in the last section of this Policy. Alternatively, if you do not agree with the content of this Policy, then please remember it is your choice whether you want to use Player’s Products and services . PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU We have set out in the tables below the categories of personal data we collect and use about you and how we collect it: The table below describes personal data collected when you sign up for the any of our products and services:
WHAT WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR When you use or interact with the any of Player’s Products or services, we use a variety of technologies to process the personal data we collect about you for various reasons. We have set out in the table below the reasons why we process your personal data, the associated legal bases we rely upon to legally permit us to process your personal data, and the categories of personal data used for these purposes:
If you require further information about the balancing test that Player has undertaken to justify its reliance on the legitimate interest legal basis under the GDPR, please see ‘How to contact us’ in the last section of this Policy. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA We have set out the categories of recipients of the personal data collected or generated through your use of the our’s Products or services. PERSONAL DATA YOU MAY CHOOSE TO SHARE The following personal data will only be shared with the categories of recipients outlined in the table below if: you choose to make use of a specific Products or services feature where sharing of particular personal data is required for the proper use of the our products or services; or you grant us your permission to share the personal data, e.g. by selecting the appropriate setting in the Products or services or authorizing player through a presented consent mechanism. Information we may share
DATA RETENTION AND DELETION We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Products or services and for legitimate and essential business purposes, such as maintaining the performance of the Products or services, making data-driven business decisions about new features and offerings, complying with our legal obligations, and resolving disputes. We keep some of your personal data for as long as you are a user of any of the Products or services. If you request, we will delete or anonymise your personal data so that it no longer identifies you, unless we are legally allowed or required to maintain certain personal data, including situations such as the following: If there is an unresolved issue relating to your account, such as an outstanding credit on your account or an unresolved claim or dispute we will retain the necessary personal data until the issue is resolved; Where we need to retain the personal data for our legal, tax, audit, and accounting obligations, we will retain the necessary personal data for the period required by applicable law; and/or, Where necessary for our legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain the security of our users. TRANSFER TO OTHER COUNTRIES Our Products or services may share your personal data globally in order to carry out the activities specified in this Policy. The Products may also subcontract processing to, or share your personal data with, third parties located in countries other than your country. Your personal data, therefore, may be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country. LINKS We may display advertisements from third parties and other content that links to third-party websites. We cannot control or be held responsible for third parties’ privacy practices and content. If you click on a third-party advertisement or link, please understand that you are leaving the Products or services and any personal data you provide will not be covered by this Policy.  Please read their privacy policies to find out how they collect and process your personal data. KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL DATA SAFE We are committed to protecting our users’ personal data. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect the security of your personal data; however, please note that no system is ever completely secure. We have implemented various policies including pseudonymisation, encryption, access, and retention policies to guard against unauthorised access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems.   CHILDREN Our Smarters’ Products or services are not directed to children under the age of 16 years. Smarters’ Products or services are also not offered to children whose age makes it illegal to process their personal data or requires parental consent for the processing of their personal data under the GDPR or other local law. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 16 years or under the applicable age limit (the “Age Limit”). If you are under the Age Limit, please do not use the Smarters’ Products or services, and do not provide any personal data to us. If you are a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal data to us, please contact us
by emailing us at
smarterplayerxtreamiptv@gmail.com . If we learn that we have collected the personal data of a child under the age of 16 years, we will take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. This may require us to delete the respective our’s Products or services account for that child. COOKIES POLICY What Are Cookies Usually, cookies are a set of data stored on user’s personal computers, handheld devices containing information about the users. There are two types of cookies, which Smarters may use for tracking. Session ID Cookies: The information is usually tagged to a particular session. Once the user logs out the cookie is terminated and deleted. Persistent Cookies: The information is stored as a small text file on the user’s computer for an extended period of time. There is information shared through different browser help files to remove persistent cookies. Session ID Cookies used by Our Company often helps to track the utility pattern of a particular session user, which helps in minimizing system load time, server processing and quick data rendering. Persistent cookies from us may be used for storing information related to passwords and other preferred data from the users. At Our Company, we don’t use any cookies that store personally identifiable information. LOG FILES We at Smarters also use log files like most of the website, which may include details about your IP address, ISP (Internet Service Provider), browser type information, referring/ exit pages, time & date stamp, the number of clicks, platform type, broad demographic information and comprehensive use statistics. However, none of the information stored in our Log files is linked to personally identifiable information. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY We may occasionally make changes to this Policy. When we make material changes to this Policy, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Smarters’ Products or services or by sending you an email and/or a device notification. We may notify you in advance. Please, therefore, make sure you read any such notice carefully. HOW TO CONTACT US Thank you for reading our Policy. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us by emailing us at
smarterplayerxtreamiptv@gmail.com , or by writing to us at the following address: We hope you enjoy Smarters’ products and services! Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse