Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Accessories Apparel Collectibles Gifts for Men Gifts for Women Gifts for Kids Home & Office Movies Toys TV .COM (US)				 .CA (CA) .CO.UK (UK) .COM.AU (AU) .COM.MX (MX) .EU (EU)
The biggest selection of costumes in the world! (507) 386-8388 Contact Us Live Chat Help Search... My Account My Account My Orders Saved For Later Sign Out Sign In Sign Up Shopping Cart Pre-Order Cart Adult Costumes
View All Adult Costumes Men's Costumes Women's Costumes Plus Size Costumes Plus Size Men's Costumes Plus Size Women's Costumes Sexy Costumes Kids Costumes
View All Kids Costumes Adaptive Costumes Baby Costumes Boy Costumes Girl Costumes Teen Costumes Toddler Costumes Exclusive
View All Exclusives A League of Their Own Costumes Ace Ventura Costumes Back to the Future Costumes Captain Underpants Costumes Care Bears Costumes Carmen Sandiego Costumes Clueless Costumes Coming to America Costumes Coraline Costumes Dragon Ball Z Costumes ET Costumes Fifth Element Costumes Forrest Gump Costumes Frida Kahlo Costumes Garfield Costumes Ghostbusters Costumes Grease Costumes Hocus Pocus Costumes Hotel Transylvania Costumes Inspector Gadget Costumes Jurassic Park Costumes Karate Kid Costumes KISS Costumes Labyrinth Costumes Mean Girls Costumes Monsters Inc. Costumes Munsters Costumes Nacho Libre Costumes Odd Squad Costumes Pete the Cat Costumes Plants vs Zombies Costumes Princess Bride Costumes Pulp Fiction Costumes Raggedy Ann Costumes Rainbow Brite Costumes Richard Simmons Costumes Sailor Moon Costumes Sharkboy & Lavagirl Costumes Smurfs Costumes Teletubbies Costumes The Handmaid's Tale Costumes Trolls Costumes WWE Costumes Costume Ideas
View All Costume Ideas New 2023 Costumes Barbie Costumes Five Nights at Freddy's Costumes Little Mermaid Costumes Nightmare Before Christmas Costumes Paw Patrol Costumes Scream Costumes Spider-Man Costumes Super Mario Bros. Costumes Costume Apparel 20s Costumes 50s Costumes 70s Costumes 80s Costumes 90s Costumes Addams Family Costumes Alice in Wonderland Costumes Alien Costumes Animal Costumes Anime Costumes Avengers Costumes Batman Costumes Chucky Costumes Cosplay Costumes Cowboy Costumes Dinosaur Costumes Disney Costumes Flapper Costumes Food Costumes Frozen Costumes Funny Costumes Game of Thrones Costumes Harry Potter Costumes Historical Costumes Inflatable Costumes Little Red Riding Hood Costumes Minecraft Costumes Pet Costumes Pirate Costumes Pokémon Costumes Power Rangers Costumes PJ Masks Costumes Religion Costumes Roman & Greek Costumes Scary Costumes Sports Costumes Star Wars Costumes Storybook & Fairytale Costumes Superhero Costumes Transformers Costumes TV / Movie Costumes Uniform Costumes Video Game Costumes Viking Costumes Wizard of Oz Costumes Couples Costumes
Couples Halloween Costumes Couples Costume Ideas Group Costumes
Group Halloween Costumes Group Costume Ideas Accessories
Accessory Kits Backpacks Belts Boots/Shoes Capes Costume Jewelry Face Masks Fishnet Stockings Glasses / Sunglasses Gloves Halloween Clothes Hats Headbands Leggings Makeup Fake Blood Masks Mustaches / Beards Petticoats Purses Scarves Socks / Slippers Toy Weapons Trick Or Treat Bags / Pails Wigs Wings Decorations
View All Decorations Animatronics Christmas Decorations Door Decorations Fog Machines Halloween Lights Halloween Props Indoor Decorations Inflatable Decorations Kid Friendly Décor Outdoor Decorations Pumpkin Décor Scary Decorations Skeletons & Skulls Spiders & Spider Webs Sale!
Sale Clearance
My Account
My Account My Orders Saved For Later Sign Out Sign In Sign Up
Contact Us
Live Chat Help Our Other Site F U N .com IN OTHER COUNTRIES HalloweenCostumes.ca HalloweenCostumes.co.uk HalloweenCostumes.com.au HalloweenCostumes.com.mx HalloweenCostumes.eu Privacy Policy Thanks for visiting Fun.com, Inc.’s Privacy Policy. We are updating our Policy effective on 08/01/2023. Some of the changes you will see: We’ve added Halloween.com to the list of websites we operate. We previously updated our Policy effective on 04/22/2020. Some of the changes you will see: We’ve updated a section about how this information is shared. We previously updated our Policy effective on 08/08/2019. Some of the changes you will see: We’ve added a section about select partners. We’ve updated the technologies we use. We’ve removed outdated technologies and information that was no longer applicable. We previously updated our Policy effective on 02/13/2019. Some of the changes you will see: We’ve added a section about submitting product reviews We previously updated our Policy effective on 05/25/2018. Some of the changes you will see: We’ve removed outdated technologies and information that was no longer applicable. We’ve reorganized and edited the Policy so that it’s easier to read and more transparent about what personal information we collect, how we collect it, and how we use it. We’ve added information specifically for our European Union customers to align with GDPR requirements. Though our Privacy Policy has changed, our commitment to your privacy and protecting your information has not. Table Of Contents Changes to This Policy Who We Are How This Policy Applies Information We Collect Information You Provide Directly to Us Website Analytics Cookies, Tracking, and Advertising Product Reviews Terms & Conditions for Photo Sharing Terms & Conditions for User Content How We Use This Information Providing Products/Services How We Use Website Analytics Data How We Use Cookies, Tracking Data, and Advertising How This Information Is Shared Information Shared Publicly Fulfilling Your Order Affiliate Tracking Third-Party Hosting Provider Links to Other Websites Additional Disclosure Select Partners Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information Security Data Retention Contact Information CCPA Privacy Notice Children’s Online Privacy European Union Residents Lawful Basis Your Choices: Data Access, Correction, Deletion, and Portability Your Rights: Restricting Processing and Objection Changes to This Policy We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Who We Are We are Fun.com, Inc., owned and operated in North Mankato, Minnesota, USA. We provide online shopping for a variety of specialty products on the following websites: Halloween.com HalloweenCostumes.com HalloweenCostumes.co.uk HalloweenCostumes.com.au HalloweenCostumes.ca HalloweenCostumes.eu HalloweenCostumes.com.mx Fun.com Fun.com.au Fun.co.uk Additional themed costume sites How This Policy Applies This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we collect on our websites when you place an order or sign up for our email list, the anonymous information that we collect as you browse our website, why we collect it, and our legal basis for doing so. It also covers the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. Because Fun.com, Inc. is a US-based company, your information will be collected, processed, and stored in the United States. The United States has its own laws governing data protection and government access to information. The rules that protect your personal information under United States law may be different than in your home country. When using any of our services you consent to the collection, transfer, disclosure, storage, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed, or if you have any questions or feedback, please contact Fun.com, Inc.
here . Information We Collect Information You Provide Directly to Us We collect the following personal information from you when you place an order: Contact Information such as name, email address, shipping address, phone number Billing Information such as billing address and credit card information The company name of your business, when shipping to a business address We collect the following personal information from you when you sign up for an account: Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password Contact Information such as name, shipping address, phone number Billing Information such as billing address We collect the following personal information from you when you sign up for our product notifications or marketing emails: Email address We collect the following personal information from you when you contact our customer service department via the contact us form or live chat: Name, email address, and order number You may decline to provide us with your information in any of these cases. However, this will limit your ability to register for an account, receive emails, or to place an order. Website Analytics As is true of most websites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, and your interaction with different pages of our website. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. Cookies, Tracking, and Advertising Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies in order to provide our shopping experience and also to track and improve our services. Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are utilized by Fun.com, Inc. and the third-party analytics platforms that we use to optimize your shopping experience. These platforms include: Listrak (our email provider) Rich Relevance (product recommendations we show on our website) Google Analytics (tracks how customers use our website) Attentive (our SMS/MMS provider) Additionally, we partner with third-parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. These platforms include: Adroll Bing Remarketing Facebook Remarketing Google Adwords Remarketing Google Dynamic Remarketing Finally, our website includes Social Media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Product Reviews Fun.com, Inc. values your feedback and invites you to rate and review any purchases made on our websites. If you choose to write a review, please be sure to explain why you like or dislike the product, focusing on the product’s features and your experience with the product. If you upload a photo or video along with your review, please read through the Photo Sharing terms and conditions below, as they do apply to all submissions. If you’re looking to comment about product selection, pricing, ordering, delivery or any other issues related to ordering or website maintenance, please contact our customer service. CUSTOMER SERVICE HOURS:
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK CHAT 24 HOURS CALL 6 a.m. - 10 p.m. CDT Terms & Conditions for Photo Sharing By submitting a photograph or video (we’ll refer to both of them as “photograph” from now on) to Fun.com, Inc., you thereby agree to our use of submitted photograph(s) according to these Terms of Use, and you also agree that you have read and fully understand these Terms of Use and will comply with them in their entirety. Those terms are as follows: Please do not send or upload photographs that you didn’t take yourself or don’t have permission to send or upload. By submitting you agree that you have taken the photograph yourself and own the copyright in the photograph, or have received the express permission of the copyright owner to have the photograph used and shared by Fun.com, Inc. in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree that you have express permission of everyone who appears in the photograph to be photographed and have the photograph used and shared by Fun.com, Inc. in accordance with these Terms of Use. You keep all of your ownership rights to any photograph or other content but give Fun.com, Inc. permission to use the photograph as determined by Fun.com, Inc. By submitting, or otherwise agreeing to our use of, a photograph or other content, including but not limited to photo captions and your name, (collectively, “Content”), you grant Fun.com, Inc. the worldwide, unrestricted, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable right to (a) publish, publicly display and perform, modify, edit, alter and otherwise use the Content in whole or in part, without further consent, review or participation from you, for any purpose throughout the world (including commercial and promotional) in any medium or format now existing or hereafter created, including but not limited to print or recorded material, websites, and social media platforms; and (b) use your name, commentary, and other information about you in connection with the Content. Fun.com, Inc. reserves the right to use, not use, or discontinue using any Content in our sole discretion at any time. You agree not to submit any Content that: a. Infringes any intellectual property rights of any other person or third party, including but not limited to copyright and trademark. b. Defames or invades the privacy or publicity rights of any person, living or deceased, or infringes upon any person’s or third party’s personal, property, or other right. c. Is inappropriate, sexually explicit, harassing, abusive, harmful, violent, or otherwise objectionable or offensive in any way. d. Contains any virus, worm, corrupt file, or other forms of malicious code or content that may harm a website or computer. e. Violates any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation. f. Contains advertising, spam, references to other websites or retailers. g. Contains personal information such as e-mail addresses, phone numbers or physical addresses. Upon submission you irrevocably waive all rights and agree to release and hold harmless Fun.com, Inc. from any and all claims, costs, expenses, damages, causes of action and/or liabilities, of any nature, whether direct or indirect, known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, arising out of or relating to the Content, including but not limited to defamation; invasion of the rights of privacy or publicity; violation or any moral or artist rights; personal injury, or any other similar matter. You further agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Fun.com, Inc. harmless from any claim or cause of action related to your violation of any these Terms of Use. If you have a disagreement with Fun.com, Inc. or believe that any of your Content has been used without your permission or in violation of your rights, you can reach Fun.com, Inc. at: PHONE:
507-386-8383 ADDRESS:
2080 Lookout Drive
North Mankato, MN 56003 FAX:
507-386-0517 EMAIL:
Contact Form TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR USER CONTENT By uploading your photograph(s), images and/or video(s) (collectively “User Content”) on our website, through our Share Platform or by responding #YesFunCostumes or yes to our request to use your User Content you agree that you have taken the photograph yourself and own the copyright in the photograph, or have received the express permission of the copyright owner to have the User Content used and shared by Fun.com, Inc. in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree that you have obtained the consent of each person, if any, depicted in the User Content for the User Content to be used and shared by Fun.com, Inc. in accordance with these Terms of Use. You keep all of your ownership rights to any User Content but give Fun.com, Inc. permission to use the User Content as determined by Fun.com, Inc. By submitting, or otherwise agreeing to our use of, a photograph or other content, including but not limited to photo captions and your name, you grant Fun.com, Inc. the worldwide, unrestricted, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable right to (a) publish, publicly display and perform, modify, edit, alter and otherwise use the User Content in whole or in part, without further consent, review or participation from you, for any purpose throughout the world (including commercial and promotional) in any medium or format now existing or hereafter created, including but not limited to print or recorded material, websites, and social media platforms; and (b) use your name, commentary, and other information about you in connection with the User Content. Fun.com, Inc. reserves the right to use, not use, or discontinue using any User Content in our sole discretion at any time. You agree that the User Content does not: a. Infringe any intellectual property rights of any other person or third party, including but not limited to copyright and trademark. b. Defame or invade the privacy or publicity rights of any person, living or deceased, or infringe upon any person’s or third party’s personal, property, or other right. c. Is inappropriate, sexually explicit, harassing, abusive, harmful, violent, or otherwise objectionable or offensive in any way. d. Contain any virus, worm, corrupt file, or other forms of malicious code or content that may harm a website or computer. e. Violate any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation. f. Contain advertising, spam, references to other websites or retailers. g. Contain personal information such as e-mail addresses, phone numbers or physical addresses. You irrevocably waive all rights and agree to release and hold harmless Fun.com, Inc. from any and all claims, costs, expenses, damages, causes of action and/or liabilities, of any nature, whether direct or indirect, known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, arising out of or relating to the User Content, including but not limited to defamation; invasion of the rights of privacy or publicity; violation of any moral or artist rights; personal injury, or any other similar matter. You further agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Fun.com, Inc. harmless from any claim or cause of action related to your violation of any these Terms of Use. How We Use This Information Providing Products/Services We only use the information you provide to us for the specific purpose which you provided it to us – for example, we will not send you marketing emails because you initiated a live chat with customer service. We will use your information to: Fulfill your order Send you an order confirmation email Send you a shipping notification email Administer your account or process returns and refunds Send you product or service information emails, if requested Send you marketing communications, if requested Respond to your questions and concerns Improve our website and marketing efforts Display content based upon your interests How We Use Website Analytics Data We have implemented Google Analytics, Google Display Advertising, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting on our website to help us understand how visitors use our services. These tools use cookies to gather standard Internet log information and user behavior information in an anonymous form. The information created by the cookie about your use of the website is transmitted to Google and is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile aggregate statistical reports on website activity for our site specifically. We have followed Google’s best practice for IP Anonymization to ensure that no personally-identifiable information will be sent to Google Analytics. See
here
for more detail. We will never (nor will we allow any third-party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personal Information of visitors to our website. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google, nor will Google link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personal Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. If you would like to opt out of being tracked using Google Analytics on any website, then simply head over to
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
and install the add-on in your browsers. How We Use Cookies, Tracking Data, and Advertising We use cookies to keep track of user shopping carts, to remember our user’s preferences (e.g. language and country preference), and for security/login authentication. These cookies are required in order for our website to function correctly and for you to place an order. The third-party analytics platforms that we use on our website may set cookies on your computer. We utilize these technologies to analyze shopping and buying trends, to track users’ interactions with the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole in order to provide an optimized shopping experience and relevant product recommendations. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. These cookies are optional; our website will function and you can place an order, though the content you see on the website may not be as relevant. Our third-party advertising partners may use technologies such as cookies or beacons to gather information about your activities on our website. This information is used when you leave our website and visit a site that uses the same advertising partner. That website will then display product advertising to you based upon your browsing activities and interests while you were on our website. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here . Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. The Social Media features and widgets on our website are hosted by a third-party and may use cookies or beacons. These third-party cookies are set by the individual Social Media service and are used to provide the functionality of the feature as well as collect any additional tracking data. Please note that we do not send your personal information to these Social Media widgets, but they still have access to your web browsing information such as browser, operating system, and IP address. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. Your browser may give you the ability to control the cookies that are set on your computer. If you block or delete cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited. To find out more about how to enable, disable, or delete cookies from your web browser, please visit
here . How This Information Is Shared We will share your personal information with third-parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. Information Shared Publicly Our website offers a publicly accessible blog or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access it. The blog is moderated and you may have comments made by yourself removed by
contacting us . Any time you write a product review, the details of the review and the manner of which you identified yourself will be publicly accessible to anyone who views our product pages. Any information you provide may be read, collected, used, or responded to by others who access it. Product reviews are moderated and you may have reviews or comments made by yourself removed by
contacting us . All other information you provide to us will not be shared publicly. Fulfilling Your Order We may provide your personal information to trusted third-party companies that provide services to fulfill your order, such as fraud detection and investigation, credit card processing, and order shipping. These companies are authorized to use your personal information
only as necessary to provide
these services to us. These services include: ThreatMetrix (fraud protection) PayPal (credit card processing) Amazon Pay (credit card processing) Braintree (credit card processing) Sezzle (“pay later” payment method) FedEx (address validation and shipping service) UPS (address validation and shipping service) USPS (shipping service) Affiliate Tracking When you come to our website via a link on one of our affiliates’ websites, we are obliged to notify them of the transaction so that they can be paid a commission – this is known as conversion tracking. Your personal information is not transferred to these affiliates. Some of our affiliates include: AvantLink Commission Junction LinkShare Share-A-Sale Third-Party Hosting Provider Our ordering system and shopping cart database is hosted on server hardware supplied by our IT solutions provider. When we collect your shipping and billing information directly from you for the purpose of processing your order, it is saved on this hardware. Our solution provider does not have access to view your data but does perform administrative functions on the server hardware used to collect it. Links to Other Websites Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of the websites owned by Fun.com, Inc. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policy. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. Additional Disclosure We may also disclose your personal information as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, or respond to a government request, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or in the case of possible criminal acts or security threats, if Fun.com, Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third-party with your prior consent to do so Select Partners If Fun.com, Inc. establishes any business partnerships with other trustworthy persons or entities, known as Select Partners, whom all have confirmed privacy policies consistent with our own. We may rent, exchange, share and/or cross reference information, including your contact information, enabling these Select Partners to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive direct marketing from us or from our Select Partners, or if you would like to opt out of our rental or exchange of your information with other marketers, please let us know by
contacting us
or calling (507) 386-8388 Correcting And Updating Your Personal Information To review, delete or update your personal information to ensure it is accurate or if you no longer desire our service, please sign in to the My Account area of the website and use the self-service tools, or you may
contact us . You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, you can sign in to the My Account area of the website and use the self-service tools, or you may
contact us . We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. Security We take security seriously, and the security of your personal data is important to us. When we collect personal information directly from you, we follow industry-standard practices to protect the data, both during transmission and once we receive it – including full-site SSL. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can
contact us . We provide two means for you to make a purchase on our site. You can either use our order form or a third-party payment option (PayPal; Amazon Pay; Sezzle). If you use our shopping cart, the transmission of sensitive information (such as credit card information) collected on our order form is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you choose to use a third-party payment option to pay for your order, its privacy policy and security practices will apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy policy before providing your information. In the event of a data breach, we have a protocol in place for handling the breach and notifying customers and the supervisory authority. We do not store any credit card information when your card is authorized during checkout, so there isn’t a chance of your card information being stolen in a data breach after your order is placed. Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please
contact us . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymized information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our website, improve our services, or comply with legal obligations. Contact Information You can contact us by phone, mail or email: HalloweenCostumes.com
2080 Lookout Drive
North Mankato, MN 56003 PHONE:
(507) 386-8388 (OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK CHAT 24 HOURS CALL 6 a.m. - 10 p.m. CDT) Contact Form CCPA Privacy Notice Last Updated: 9/28/2020 If you are a resident of California, the following notice applies to you regarding our data privacy practices and your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. Information We Collect The following table outlines the categories of personal information that we have collected from or about our customers in the last 12 months and how that information was collected. Category Examples Sources Identifiers Name, mailing address, email address, IP address Directly from the consumer on our website Personal Information Name, mailing address, email address, phone number Directly from the consumer on our website Commercial Information Products purchased, purchase history Directly from the consumer on our website Website Activity Browse history, search history Indirectly via automated analytics collection Use of Personal Information We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes: To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your email address to receive a product notification, we will use that personal information to notify you when the product is available. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product, we will use that information to process your payment and fulfill the order. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or to process returns. To provide, support, personalize, and develop our website, products, and services. To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud. To provide you with support and respond to your inquiries, including to navigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. To personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads on our website, third-party websites, and via email or text message (with your consent). To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products, databases and other technology assets, and business. For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our website and products. To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially unrelated purposes without providing you notice. Sharing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: Order Fulfillment (shipping carriers) Email Service Providers Customer Service (helpdesk support) Data Analytics (e.g. Google) Legal Claims Advertising Affiliates Your Rights and Choices The CCPA providers California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: The categories of personal information we collected about you. The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request). If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. Deletion Request Rights You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.). Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: Contacting us via chat or email through our customer support portal
Contact Form . Contacting us via phone at: (507) 386-8388. Submitting your request via our
Data Privacy Request Form . Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. Response Timing and Format We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Changes to Our Privacy Notice We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date.
Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information described in this notice, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Phone:
(507) 386-8388
Website:
Contact Form
Postal Address:
Fun.com, Inc.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
2080 Lookout Dr.
North Mankato, MN 56003 Children’s Online Privacy Our website is not marketed to, nor do we knowingly collect or store personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately. European Union Residents At Fun.com, Inc. we take your privacy seriously and have taken steps to comply with the requirements defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that goes into effect on May 25th, 2018. Many of the requirements are outlined in different areas of this Privacy Policy, but this section highlights items that are unique or specific to our European audience. Lawful Basis Data protection law in Europe requires a lawful basis for collecting and retaining personal information from citizens or residents of the European Economic Area. Our lawful bases include: Contract: in order to fulfil the contract we have with you to provide the product/service that you requested, we need to use your personal data to charge your payment and to ship goods to you. Legal obligation: we may need your data to comply with customs requests or to maintain tax audit records. Legitimate interests: we have a good and fair reason to use your data in ways that are reasonably expected as part of running our business and that do not materially impact your rights, freedom, or interests. For example, we use identity, device, and location information to prevent fraud and to keep our services secure. And we analyze how users interact with our website so that we can better understand which features and design elements are working well and which are not working. Your Choices: Data Access, Correction, Deletion, and Portability We provide you with reasonable access to the personal data that you may have provided through your use of our services. If you wish to access, modify, delete, or obtain a copy of your information, you may do so at any time by logging in to the My Account section of our website to make changes, or by clicking on the Manage Preferences link in any email we’ve sent you to modify your preferences. Alternatively, you may
contact us
via email or live chat, or by phone or mail using the options listed in the Contact Information section of this privacy policy, and we will be happy to help you. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in the active user database instantly, we may retail some information for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, for audit and compliance records, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so. Your Rights: Restricting Processing and Objection At any time prior to us shipping out your order, you may withdraw your consent to process your data by
contacting us
and we will cancel your order. Once an order has shipped we are unable to cancel the processing of your data, but you have the same right to access, correct, delete, or obtain a copy of your data at any time using our self-service tools or by
contacting us . Additionally, you have the ability to opt-out from all performance, social media, and advertising cookies on our website by using the Cookie Settings link on the bottom of all pages of our website. At any time, you may object to the processing of your personal data, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwise permitted by applicable law. In most cases you are able to control these settings through our self-service tools, but as always you may
contact us
via email or live chat, or by phone or mail using the options listed in the Contact Information section of this privacy policy, and we will be happy to help you. Follow Us On
Visit Our Blog! 10 % OFF
Your First Order When You Sign Up
To Receive Email and Texts! Enter Your Email Address Sign up for text messages to get 15% off! Enter Your Mobile Number (Optional)
By providing a phone number and submitting this form, you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) from Halloween Costumes at the cell number used when signing up. Consent is not a condition of any purchase. Reply HELP for help and STOP to cancel. Msg frequency varies. Msg & data rates may apply. View
Terms
&
Privacy . Thanks For Signing Up! Your
10 % Off Coupon Is on Its Way To Make Sure To Check Your Spam Folder Read Our Privacy Policy  Home  My Account  Track Your Order Customer Service
Contact Us Order Status Returns International Orders FAQ Company
About Us Affiliates Headquarters Careers Privacy Policy Accessibility Press Kit Halloween Resources International Sites
.ca (ca) .co.uk (uk) .com.au (au) .com.mx (mx) .eu (eu) More
Coupons & Discounts Customer Reviews Customer Photo Gallery Influencer Program Loyalty Manage Email Preferences School Purchase Orders Top Halloween Costumes
Adam and Eve Costumes Addams Family Costumes Anakin Skywalker Costumes Angel Costumes Anime Costumes Anna Costumes Army Costumes Assassins Creed Costumes Bamm-Bamm Costumes Banana Costumes Batgirl Costumes Beauty and the Beast Costumes Beetlejuice Costumes Big Bird Costumes Bigfoot Costumes Biker Costumes Black Panther Costumes Boba Fett Costumes Bowser Costumes Buddy the Elf Costumes Bumble Bee Costumes Bunny Costumes Captain America Costumes Captain Hook Costumes Captain Marvel Costumes Cat Costumes Celebrity Costumes Cheerleader Costumes Chewbacca Costumes Chicken Costumes Circus Costumes Cleopatra Costumes Clown Costumes Coco Costumes Cookie Monster Costumes Darth Vader Costumes Deadpool Costumes Deer Costumes Dinosaur Costumes Dorothy Costumes Dr. Seuss Costumes Elf on the Shelf Costumes Elmo Costumes Elvira Costumes Fish Costumes Flamingo Costumes Flash Costumes Fortnite Costumes Fox Costumes Freddy Krueger Costumes Frog Costumes Godzilla Costumes Gorilla Costumes Grim Reaper Costumes Halo Costumes Harley Quinn Costumes Hermione Costumes Horse Costumes Hot Dog Costumes Incredibles Costumes Indiana Jones Costumes Inflatable Dinosaur Costumes Jasmine Costumes Jedi Costumes Jester Costumes Knight Costumes Legend of Zelda Costumes Lion Costumes Little Bo Peep Costumes Little Mermaid Costumes Luigi Costumes Luna Lovegood Costumes Mad Hatter Costumes Mardi Gras Costumes Mascot Costumes Maternity Costumes Medusa Costumes Mermaid Costumes Mickey Mouse Costumes Miles Morales Costumes Minecraft Costumes Minnie Mouse Costumes Monsters Inc Costumes Mummy Costumes Nightmare Before Christmas Costumes Pennywise Costumes Peppa Pig Costumes Pick Me Up Costumes Pig Costumes Police Costumes Prisoner Costumes Referee Costumes Renaissance Costumes Samurai Costumes Shark Costumes Skeleton Costumes Spider Costumes Stormtrooper Costumes Stranger Things Costumes SWAT Costumes Thor Costumes Transformers Costumes Wednesday Addams Costumes Witch Costumes SMALL MOMENTS
MONSTER MEMORIES
©2023 HalloweenCostumes.com
All Rights Reserved Do Not Sell My Personal Information