Leafbuyer Privacy Policy | Leafbuyer
Live Deals
Dispensaries
Products
Strains
Blogs
Marijuana Blog
Industry Blog
Strains
Advertise
locations
deals
deals
menus
strain
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated October 22, 2019
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc., doing business as Leafbuyer (" Leafbuyer ", " we ", " us ", or " our "). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at
info@leafbuyer.com.
When you visit our website
https://www.leafbuyer.com , and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as https://www.leafbuyer.com), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the " Sites ").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
5. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
6. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
7. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD­PARTY WEBSITES?
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
9. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
10. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
13. CAN INTERNATIONAL USERS ACCESS OUR SITES?
14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
15. ARE THERE ANY OTHER TERMS?
16. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us such as
name, address, contact information, passwords and security data,
payment information, and social media login data.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering at the Sites, expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Sites or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data.
We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials.
We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data.
We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
Social Media Login Data.
We provide you with the option to register using social media account details, like your Facebook, Twitter or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the Information described in the section called "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS" below.
Preferences.
We provide you with the option to identify your preferences through certain features available on the Sites.
We may collect this information when you take specific actions on the Sites or based on your activity on the Sites.
Information Associated with Mobile Device Use.
If you access our Sites on a mobile device, we may collect the name you have associated with your device, the country you are located in, your IP address, your telephone number (if you provide it); your specific geolocation (with your permission); your mobile contacts (with your permission); and information about our Sites and other third-party apps you have on your device.
Information collected from other sources
In Short:
We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms (such as Facebook), as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include:
social media profile information (your name, gender, birthday, email, current city, state and country, user identification numbers for your contacts, profile picture URL and any other information that you choose to make public)
marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links)
contact information, preferences and other information you provide to our joint marketing partners and business customers
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information for a variety of business purposes, to comply with our legal obligations and in other ways based on your consent.
We use personal information collected about your for a variety purposes described below:
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process
when you request to create an account or login to an existing account. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon processes. See the section below headed "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS" for further information.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, including sending marketing on behalf of our third party marketing partners and business customers, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt¬out of our marketing emails and text messages at any time (see the "WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS" below).
Deliver targeted advertising to you
on the Sites. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) on the Sites tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure the effectiveness of our Sites and advertising.
Administer prize draws and competitions
on the Sites that you enter into or otherwise provide your consent to participate in. We may use the information you provide in connection with your account and/or your entrance into any prize draws or competitions to administer them.
To protect our Sites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Sites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
For other purposes,
including data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites, products, services, marketing and your experience. If any of these other purposes use your non-anonymized or aggregated information, we will provide notice to you of those purposes.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Compliance with Laws.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights.
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation or potential litigation in which we are involved.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third­Party Advertisers.
We may use third­party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Sites. These companies may use information about your visits to our Sites and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like us to stop providing your information to these third-party advertising companies, you may opt-out in accordance see WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS below.
Service Fulfillment.
We may provide your information to third parties, including third-party marketing partners and our business customers, in situations where sharing or disclosing your information is required in order to provide you the services you requested.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
We may provide your information to our subsidiaries and affiliates with assurances that they will treat your information consistent with this privacy policy.
With your Consent.
We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our
Cookie Policy .
The Sites use Google Analytics (and in the future may use other similar sites or services), a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to better assist us in understanding how the Sites are used.
Google Analytics will place cookies on your computer or mobile device that will generate information that we select about your use of the Sites, including your computer’s or mobile device’s IP address. That information will be transmitted to, and stored by, Google. The information will be used for the purpose of evaluating consumer use of the Sites, compiling reports on the Sites’ activity for our use, and providing other services relating to activity and usage of the Sites. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note that by doing so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Sites. The use of cookies by Google Analytics is covered by Google’s privacy policy.
5. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
In Short:
Yes, we use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better service.
This website, mobile application, or Facebook application uses Google Maps APIs. You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service
here . To better understand Google's Privacy Policy, please refer to this
link .
By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google's Terms of Service. You agree to allow us to obtain or cache your location. You may revoke your consent at anytime.
6. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short:
If you choose to register or log in to our websites using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our Sites offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, e¬mail address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on the Sites. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
7. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD­PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short:
We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third­party providers who advertise, but are not affiliated with, our websites.
The Sites may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Sites. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 5 years past the termination of your account (unless you open another account later on).
When you close your account, we will deactivate your account and will remove your information from our active marketing databases.
However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use, and/or comply with legal and contractual requirements.
9. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
10. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to anyone under 21 years of age. By using the Sites, you represent that you are at least 21. If we learn that personal information from users less than 21 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from anyone under 21, please contact us at
info@leafbuyer.com.
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
Account Information.
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log into your account settings and update your user account.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites. To opt­out of interest­based advertising by advertisers on our Sites visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ .
Opting out of email marketing:
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by replying to any marketing email that we send and including UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line. You will then be removed from the marketing email list—however, we will still need to send you service¬related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account.
Opting out of SMS text messaging:
You can unsubscribe from receiving SMS messages as described in our Terms of Use, including by replying STOP to any text message.
To otherwise optout, you may:
Note your preferences when you register an account with the site.
Access your account settings and update preferences.
12. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes, the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year, and, if the nature of the third party’s business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
Please note, we have not yet developed a response to browser “Do Not Track” signals, and do not change any of our data collection practices when we receive such signals.
We will continue to evaluate potential responses to “Do Not Track” signals in light of industry developments or legal changes.
13. CAN INTERNATIONAL USERS ACCESS OUR SITES?
In Short:
No, the Sites are intended solely for users located in the United States.
At this time, our Sites are based in, and solely intended for, residents in the United States.
If you are not a resident of the United States, please do not provide any personal information to us through the Sites. If you have any questions or requests, you can contact us using the contact information provided below.
14. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. Unless we notify you directly of updates to the privacy policy or you agree to the updated privacy policy (such as by continuing to use the Sites), we will continue to use your information in accordance with this version of the privacy policy.
15. ARE THERE ANY OTHER TERMS?
In Short:
Yes, this privacy policy is part of our Terms of Use, which apply to your use of the Sites.
You acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of the Terms of Use that apply to your use of the Sites and receipt of marketing messages, and you agree that using the Sites signifies your assent to our privacy policy.
16. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at
info@leafbuyer.com
or by post to:
Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc.
6888 S Clinton St
Suite #300
Greenwood Village, CO 80112
United States
If you have any further questions or comments about us or our policies, email us at
info@leafbuyer.com
or by post to:
Leafbuyer Technologies, Inc.
6888 S Clinton St
Suite #300
Greenwood Village, CO 80112
United States
Phone: 720235099
Save money,
subscribe.
Get Exclusive Local Cannabis Deals delivered to your phone and email!!
SIGN ME UP!
2013-2023 Leafbuyer. All rights reserved
Find
Deals
Dispensaries
Leafbuyer Lists
Products
Business
Advertise With Us
Partners
Testimonials
Referral Program
Company
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Investor Relations
Media Relations
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Cookie Policy
By checking the box and signing up, you consent to receive cannabis-related informational and marketing text messages from
- including texts sent using an autodialer - to the wireless number you provided above. Your consent is not required to make a purchase. You also agree to receive promotional emails.
By checking the box and signing up, you agree to the
and
- which includes an
Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver .
To opt-out of texts, reply STOP. To opt-out of emails, use one of the methods described in our Privacy Policy.
Sign Me Up
Thanks for signing up for
Deal Alerts.
Welcome Back!
Log In or
Create An Account
Forgot Password?
Log In
OR
Profile Options
My Profile / Favorites
Log Out
Need To Reset Your Password?
Forgot Password
Log In
or
Create An Account
Welcome to Leafbuyer!
Create An Account or
Log In
This will be your username.
Create Account
OR
Leafbuyer complies with state laws regarding access to marijuana-related products. To continue, you must be 21 years of age or older or hold a valid medical marijuana card?
Are you eligible to continue?
We're sorry but we cannot let you continue to use the site.