PRIVACY POLICY - Bravura Technologies
FLEX
Products
Registration
Kiosk Badge Printing
Event App
Exhibitor Booth Selection
Lead Retrieval
Speaker Management
Appointment Management
Virtual/Hybrid
Solutions
Corporate Event Planning
Trade Show Software
Internal Events
Incentive Events
Sales Kickoff
Hosted-Buyer
Online Conference
Why Bravura?
About
Support
Contact
Blog
Request a Demo
Privacy Policy
Bravura Technologies LLC is sensitive to the privacy concerns of our customers and the mobile end users that we serve, and protecting your privacy is an important priority to us. Accordingly, we strive to keep your personal information confidential. This is the privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) for www.BravuraTechnologies.com and our companion mobile services (“Bravura Mobile Services”). It is our belief that it is necessary and beneficial for both you and us if you are fully aware of and understand the Privacy Policy and how we handle your personal information. Therefore, please read this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us if there is anything you do not understand or if you have any other questions or comments.
BY USING THE BRAVURA MOBILE SERVICES, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY WITHOUT ANY AMENDMENT OR CHANGE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE BRAVURA MOBILE SERVICES.
The Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time, at our sole and absolute discretion. If the Privacy Policy changes, we will always post the revised Privacy Policy and a notice of revision on www.bravuratechnologies.com. The then-current Privacy Policy posted to BravuraTechnologies.com will always be deemed to be the governing Privacy Policy for the Bravura Mobile Services. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the Bravura Mobile Services following the posting of changes will mean you agree to and accept such changes.
Personal Information Covered and Use of Third-Party Web Sites
“Personal information” is defined as any information that directly identifies or can typically be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains (such as name, addresses, telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses). Personal information does not include any statistical information that you provide or other technical or routing information about your computer or visit collected by us.
BravuraTechnologies.com and our partner sites may contain links to other web sites at which personal information may be collected. In such instances, unless expressly set forth to the contrary, any information provided by you or collected at such websites will not be considered “personal information” for purposes of this Privacy Policy, and Bravura Technologies will not be responsible for such information in any way. The third-party web sites’ collection and use of your information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that website. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information. Since Bravura Technologies is not responsible for their privacy practices, we encourage you to learn about the online privacy policy for those websites.
Information Bravura Technologies Collects
You are free to visit the public portions of www.BravuraTechnologies.com and our partner sites without identifying yourself. When you register to use our services, certain information will be requested which may include your name, mobile phone number, address and email address. This information will enable Bravura Technologies to identify you regarding the products and services provided and will protect your information and Bravura Technologies history from others. Bravura Technologies may, from time to time, request additional personal information for purposes such as games, offers, sweepstakes, events and other exchanges of information.
Bravura Technologies also gathers aggregate information about all users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users’ access most often. Bravura Technologies may automatically log IP addresses, session sources, and other data that tracks users’ access to BravuraTechnologies.com.
What Bravura Technologies Does With the Information Collected
Bravura Technologies collects and uses personal information to provide enhanced customer service, access to products or services, such as our online collaboration or client services, registration for our workshops, and to keep you up-to-date with announcements, offers and information about products, upgrades, and services from Bravura Technologies that we believe might be of interest to you.
For certain Bravura Mobile Services promoting a specific item and as expressly communicated on Bravura Technologies.com, such as for marketing text message inquires, your mobile number will be provided in a report to the entity sponsoring the SMS campaign (i.e., the customer). Otherwise, personal information you supply to Bravura Technologies will not be given, sold, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed to any third parties outside of Bravura Technologies, except when we have your express permission to share such information or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order, (ii) enforce the Bravura Mobile Services’ user terms and conditions, or (iii) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Bravura Technologies, its customers, or the public.
Your personal information may be accessible to trusted third-party partners who work on behalf of or with Bravura Technologies, such as the wireless carriers and companies providing us with information technology services. These partners are bound by confidentiality obligations and will not have an independent right to share your personal information with other third parties.
Bravura Technologies may also use aggregated information to determine the demographics of our users, and to distribute statistics and general marketplace information about Bravura Technologies. Bravura Technologies may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe the service to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. These demographics will always represent aggregate information and will never identify specific users.
We also analyze our server logs in order to improve our services, as well as, for system performance monitoring. These logs are examined for the overall, aggregate trends they reveal about our customers, not for individual user behavior.
User Opt-Out Procedures
From time to time, Bravura Technologies may notify you of new products, announcements, upgrades, updates, and other information or offers that we believe might be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving these future promotional mailings by indicating such online within your Bravura Technologies profile, sending an email with your name and of what you want to opt out to: Support@BravuraTechnologies.com or by contacting us at our mailing address:
Bravura Technologies LLC Attn: Privacy Policy 221 Beach Road #229 Sarasota, FL 34242
Bravura Technologies reserves the right to send registered users email related to business practices and systems operations, such as outage notifications and other warnings, even if you have opted out of promotional mailings.
Provision of Unsolicited Information
Bravura Technologies appreciates feedback and suggestions. Our goal is to provide all our customers with high quality products and services. Bravura Technologies ability to freely evaluate and implement ideas and information improves the online experience for all users. Therefore, any information, feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions, or any other material, submitted to Bravura Technologies, whether solicited or unsolicited, regarding its software, the Bravura Mobile Services, or technology shall be deemed non-confidential. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, by providing any such material, you hereby grant Bravura Technologies an unrestricted, irrevocable, royalty-free, and perpetual right and license to freely reproduce, use, disclose, modify, perform, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display any such information you send to Bravura Technologies, without limitation, for any and all commercial and non-commercial purposes. Bravura Technologies is free to use any ideas, concepts or techniques contained in this response for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products incorporating such ideas, concepts or techniques.
Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences
You have the right to access and correct your personal information at any time. In addition, in the event that the Privacy Policy has changed from the date you provided the personal information, and you do not agree with the new or changed provisions of the revised Privacy Policy, you may request that Bravura Technologies delete all of your personal information by contacting Bravura Technologies at the contact information listed above or on our web site.
Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us. Also, please indicate with as much detail as possible the location on this Bravura Mobile Services where you provided your personal information. No specific form is required to notify Bravura Technologies of changes to your address or privacy preferences. However, please note that it may take up to ninety (90) days for any changes or updates to be completed, and possibly longer if it is necessary for Bravura Technologies to request additional information.
Privacy Related Inquiries and Complaints
If you believe that Bravura Technologies has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may contact Bravura Technologies at the contact information indicated above or on our web site. We request that you use the subject line, “Online Privacy Policy Concerns.”
In your correspondence, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry and/or the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been breached. We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly.
About Us
Why Bravura?
FLEX
Leadership
Partnerships
Clients
Careers
Event Formats
In-Person
Hybrid
Virtual
Products
Registration
Kiosk Badge Printing
Event App
Exhibitor Booth Selection
Lead Retrieval
Speaker Management
Appointment Management
Virtual/Hybrid
Solutions
Corporate Event Planning
Trade Shows and Expos
Internal Events
Incentive Travel
Sales Kickoffs
Hosted-Buyer
Online Conference
© 2023 Bravura Technologies, LLC.
Data Security Policy       Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Accept Decline