App Privacy Policy Uci Mini Pro
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Best Browser Blog
App Privacy Policy Uci Mini Pro
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Privacy Policy
Best Browser Android built the Uci Mini Pro app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Best Browser Android at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Uci Mini Pro unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.
This privacy policy page was created at  privacypolicytemplate.net  and modified/generated by  App Privacy Policy Generator
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Hukum Menonton Film dalam Islam yang Wajib Diketahui
Banyak yang menanyakan bagaimana hukumnya menonton film bagi umat islam mengingat hal tersebut kini menjadi sesuatu yang biasa yang dilakukan oleh hampir semua orang terutama di daerah perkotaan atau metropolitan. Seringkali kita menjumpai bioskop yang ramai dan penuh sesak, serta tiket pembelian filmnya rela diantri oleh banyak orang hingga kadang menunggu dalam waktu lama hanya demi mendapatkan tiket tersebut.
Menonton film dilakukan bersama dengan banyak orang dalam satu tempat, entah itu laki laki atau perempuan, walaupun memiliki batas antar kursi sesuai nomor yang dimiliki, tetap saja di dalamnya laki laki dan perempuan menjadi satu dan jika kebetulan nomor yang dimilikinya berdekatan dengan lawan jenis maka tetap harus menerima dan menjalani dan hal tersebut tidak sesuai dalam syariat pada ayat tentang pergaulan dalam islam.
Bagaimanakah islam memandang mengenai hal tersebut? baiklah, agar memberikan pemahaman yang nyata dan ilmu yang jelas, yuk simak artikel yang penuli
Read more
Bahaya Pornografi Bagi Otak Yang Harus Kamu Ketahui
Memang sulit lepas dari yang namanya kecanduan. Seperti rokok ataupun narkoba, pornografi juga bisa bikin kecanduan. Kecanduan pornografi banyak membawa pengaruh negatif terhadap hidup anda.
Ditambah lagi jaman sekarang makin mudahnya mengakses konten-konten dari internet yang menjadikan pecandunya semakin sulit dan gagal lepas dari kecanduan nonton pornografi.
Sebagai pengguna internet, anda harus tahu apa saja dampak dari pornografi khusunya bagi otak sehingga anda bisa lepas dari kecanduan ataupun tidak 'terperosok' dunia gelap ini.
1. Meningkatnya Hormon Dopamine
Hormon dopamine berkaitan dengan sensasi rasa senang, bahagia dan puas. Lalu apa kaitannya dengan nonton porno?
Jadi dianalogikan seperti ini. Jika anda main video games dan anda berhasil memenangkan level 1 pasti anda akan merasa puas, senang. Dan pasti anda akan mencoba untuk memenangkan level 2 dan seterusnya.
Seperti itulah hormon dopamine bekerja. Hormon dopamine juga menimbulkan peningkatan kebutuhan
Read more
The Best and Fastest Browser for Android
Welcome to this blog
In this blog I will share the fast and best browser application for Android. Hopefully you can use and install this application.
Thank you for visiting this blog
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Desidroid
Visit profile
Archive
October 2018 2
September 2018 1
Labels
android
browser
Report Abuse