Sweet Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sweet Privacy Policy Sweet was developed as a free app. Sweet offers this service for free and is intended to be used as is. This page is used to notify website visitors about my policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information if someone decides to use my services. If you choose to use my services, you agree to collect and use information related to this policy. The personal information I collect is used to provide and improve the service. This is described in this Privacy Policy. Collecting and using information For a better experience, while using our services, I may ask you to provide you with specific personally identifiable information. The information I request is kept on your device and will not be collected by me in any way The app uses third-party services that may collect the information used to identify you. Log Whenever I use the service, if an error occurs in the app, I collect data and information called log data (via a third-party product) over the phone. This log data may contain information such as the Internet for the device. Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, app configuration when using the service, date and time of use of the service, and other statistics. Cookies A cookie is a file that contains a small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. They are sent from the website you visit to the browser and stored in the device's internal memory. The service does not explicitly use these "cookies". However, your app may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve its services. You accept or reject these cookies, and cookies are being sent to your device. If you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use some of this service. Provider You may hire third-party companies or individuals for the following reasons: To promote our services; To provide services on our behalf. To run service-related services. To help you analyze how we use our services. We would like to notify users of the Service that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform tasks assigned on our behalf, but you are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security I hope you'll trust in the provision of personal information. Therefore, we strive to protect them by commercially acceptable means. However, the way you send and store electronic storage over the Internet is 100% secure, reliable, and guarantees absolute security. Links to other sites This service may contain links to other sites. Clicking on a third-party link will take you to that site. These external sites are not operated by me, so it is highly recommended that you review the privacy policy of these websites. I do not control and take responsibility for the content, privacy policy, or practices of third-party sites or services. Children's Privacy These services are not available to users under the age of 13. We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you notice that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information, remove it from the server immediately. If you are a parent or guardian and are aware that your child has provided us personal information, please contact me. I want to be able to take the action that I need. Changes to this Privacy Policy The Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, so please check this page regularly to see if there are any changes. We'll post a new privacy policy on this page and we'll let you know if there's any change. Posted on this page. Retention We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Generally, we retain our users' personal information for 90 days after account termination, unless we are required or permitted to retain it for a longer period other purposes under applicable law. Upon termination of the applicable retention period, personal information is deleted or anonymized such that it no longer contains personal information. Data export If we transfer your personal information out of the European Economic Area in a manner that requires us to apply additional safeguards to your personal information under European data protection legislation, we will do so. Please contact us for information on any such transfers or the safeguards applied. Your rights You may ask us to take the following actions: Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information. Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information. Delete. Delete your personal information. Export. Export a machine-readable copy of your personal information that you can use with a different service. Restrict. Restrict the processing of your personal information. Object. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the legal basis of processing your personal information if that processing adversely impacts your legal rights. You can send us these requests by using the details in the contact us section above. We may request information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us as described above or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. Contact me If you have any questions or suggestions about my privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact me from sweet.app@outlook.com Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse