Privacy Policy | Domain Money - Expert Financial Guides
Home Features About Pricing FAQ Learn Quiz Log in Get Started Privacy Policy Revised as of date: January 19, 2023 ‍ Your privacy is important to us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain how Domain Money, Inc. and its affiliates, including Domain Money Advisors, LLC (collectively, the “Company,” “Domain Money,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) process the information we collect about you through our websites, mobile apps, and other online services (collectively, the “Services”) and when you otherwise interact with us, such as through our customer service channels. For individuals residing in the United States, you may also refer to the Domain Money U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice, which provides additional details about our collection, use, and sharing of your personal information in connection with the financial services that Domain Money provides to individuals, and rights you may have under federal law. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. It is your responsibility to check our website for updates, where the current version of the Privacy Policy is posted. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, you must stop using our Services immediately. Your continued use of or access to our Services constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT When you use our services, we may collect information that identifies or is reasonably capable of identifying you, directly or indirectly, and information that is being associated with an identified or reasonably identifiable you (collectively, “Personal Information). The Personal Information you provide when you use our Services is listed below. We use this data to add you to the Domain Money Waitlist, notify you of availability of products or services (“Products”) and enable you to refer people to earn potential rewards. ‍ We may collect the following categories of information about you when you use our Services: PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE Identification Information : includes your name, residential address, email address and Internet Protocol (IP) address, date of birth, account name, account number, social security number, and tax identification number. Customer Records and Financial Information : includes your name, signature, social security number, tax identification number, residential address, date of birth, bank account number, and credit or debit card number . Characteristics of protected classifications under federal law : includes age. TRANSACTION INFORMATION WE COLLECT Trading Data: When you use Domain Money for the purpose of conducting financial transactions, we collect trading data and your transaction history, together, “transaction information”. Transaction Information: includes information about the transactions you make on our Services, such as the name of the recipient, your name, the amount, and/or timestamp. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: When you interact with our website or our mobile application (“App”), or open emails we send you, we obtain certain information using automated technologies, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies. These automated technologies may collect information about your device and web browser, including your device’s IP address, type, configuration, device IDs, advertising identifiers, and other unique identifiers. They might also report on your activity on our Services, such as pages visited, referral URLs, link activations, length of time spent on a page, statistics on page views, products or services you purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, and web browser and server log information. To find out more about cookies, including how to manage or delete them, you may visit www.allaboutcookies.org. At this time, our Website does not respond to do-not-track requests issued from web browsers. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES Information obtained by third-party sources. We may collect information about you from advertising networks, data analytics providers, referrers, and mailing list providers. We may also collect information about you from public databases and identity verification partners for purposes of verifying your identity and to comply with applicable law, such as anti-money laundering laws. Such information may include your name, address, current employer and employment history, credit history, individual sanctions list status, and other relevant information. In some cases, we may process additional data about you to assess risk and ensure our Services are not used fraudulently or for other illicit activities. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We use your information to process your registration; process your transactions; communicate with you; send you promotional information about Products; understand how you use our Services; analyze, distribute, market, target, and improve current and future Products and Services; administer, process, and distribute rewards; provide customer service; perform quality control and audits; comply with applicable laws and legal obligations; protect our rights; facilitate corporate transactions such as acquisitions and mergers; help identify and/or diagnose problems on or related to our Services; and for any purpose for which you have given your consent. DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION . We may share your Personal Information in the instances described below. Authorized third-party vendors and service providers. We share personal data with certain authorized and vetted contractors, subcontractors, third-party vendors, and service providers who help us run and protect our business. This includes sending emails, conducting business analytics, marketing, and data processing. For example, we may share personal data with service providers that identify and serve targeted advertisements or provide mailing services, tax and accounting services, prize and reward fulfillment, web hosting, or analytics services. Affiliates. We may share your Personal Information with our affiliates, for the purposes outlined above, and as it is necessary to provide you with our Services. Law Enforcement. We may be compelled to share your Personal Information with law enforcement, government officials, and regulators, for example, to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities (including payment fraud), security or technical issues, or protect our rights or the public interest, as required or permitted by law. Corporate Transactions. We may disclose Personal Information in the event of a proposed or consummated merger, acquisition, reorganization, asset sale, or similar corporate transaction, or in the event of a bankruptcy or dissolution. Professional Advisors. We may share your Personal Information with our professional advisors, including legal, accounting, or other consulting services for purposes of audits or to comply with our legal obligations. Consent. We may share or disclose your information with your consent. If we decide to modify the purpose for which your Personal Information is collected and used, we will update this Privacy Policy. COOKIES Cookies are small text files sent from a site to a user’s device to store bits of information related to that user or device. First-party cookies are put on your device directly by our website, which allows us to collect analytical data and provide other useful functions that create a good user experience. Third-party cookies are placed on your device by a third party (e.g., advertiser or analytic system). The third parties who serve cookies on our site may link your Personal Information to other information they collect.We use cookies in order to provide better service, to facilitate use of our website, to track usage of our website and services, to collect data, and to address certain security issues. When you access our website or services, we may send the cookies to your computer or phone. Your computer or phone stores the cookie in a file located inside your web browser. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually adjust your browser settings to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. YOUR CHOICES Personal InformationWe respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Please note that not all requests may be granted, including those that are unreasonable or not required by law. Communications PreferencesIf you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive marketing emails, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in such emails. Please note that even if you unsubscribe, we may continue to send transactional or administrative emails, such as legally required, regulatory, billing, or service notifications. Your mobile device settings may provide functionality to control push notifications that we may send. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION We take the security of Personal Information seriously and work to limit access to Personal Information to authorized employees, agents, contractors or vendors. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the information against loss, misuse, damage or modification and unauthorized access or disclosure while in our possession. Unfortunately, no measures can be guaranteed to provide 100% security. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. ‍ CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY & NOTICE We may change this Privacy Policy from time-to-time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update the “Effective as of” date at the top of this page. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes will mean that you accept those changes. CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18 Our Services are not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any Personal Information to us, including on the Website or via our App. We do not knowingly collectpersonal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website, on our App, or via our other Services, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any username you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at support@domainmoney.com. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy or our processing of your Personal Information, please feel free to email us at: support@domainmoney.com. © Copyright 2023 Domain Money, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Domain Money Inc. means Domain Money and its in-application and web experiences with its
family of wholly owned subsidiaries which includes Domain Money Advisors, LLC (“Domain Advisors”), an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. By using this website, you accept and agree to Domain Money’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.  Domain Advisors’ financial planning and Investment advice available to residents of the United States and is only provided to customers of Domain Money and Domain Advisors. Any historical returns, expected returns, or probability projections are hypothetical in nature and may not reflect actual future performance. Account holdings and other information provided are for illustrative purposes only and are not to be considered investment recommendations. This material is not intended, and should not be construed as investment, legal or tax advice. Nothing on this website should be considered an offer, solicitation of an offer, or advice to buy or sell securities or investment products. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. All investments are subject to risk and may lose value. Please refer to Domain Advisors’ Program Brochure for important additional information. Certain investments are not suitable for all investors. Before investing, you should consider your investment objectives and any fees charged by Domain Money or Domain Advisors. The rate of return on investments can vary widely over time, especially for long term investments. Investment losses are possible, including the potential loss of all amounts invested, including principal. Securities trading and custody is provided to Domain Money customers by Apex Clearing Corporation, a third-party SEC registered broker-dealer and member FINRA/SIPC. FINRA BrokerCheck reports for Apex Clearing are available at http://www.finra.org/brokercheck. Products offered by Apex  Clearing are not FDIC insured, not bank guaranteed, and may lose value. Cash deposits are held with Georgia Banking Company, Member FDIC. Cash deposits are held at Georgia Banking Company with the intention that they be eligible for FDIC “pass-through” deposit insurance, subject to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount per FDIC regulations (currently $250,000 per eligible Domain Money customer) and other applicable limitations. For more information,
click here for our full disclosures . Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc. (CFP Board) owns the certification marks CFP®, CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™, and CFP® (with plaque design) in the United States, which it authorizes use of by individuals who successfully complete CFP Board’s initial and ongoing certification requirements. All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. Apple, the Apple logo, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the United States and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC. Information provided by Domain Support is for informational and general educational purposes only and is not investment or financial advice. Contact Domain at support@domainmoney.com. © 2023 Domain Money. All Rights Reserved. Legal Form CRS Privacy Policy Terms of Use Apply for membership First Name Last Name Phone Number +1 Annual Household Income How did you hear about us email Campaign source Campaign medium Campaign name Campaign term Campaign content Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Featured in Featured in