TERMS OF USE and PRIVACY POLICY
Güncelleme : 04.10.2023
What data the application receives and stores
Token that allows you to send you notifications.
Unique user ID (UUID or identifierForVendor).
Application Version
Language
Time Zone
A country
Interaction with social networks.
How data is used
These data are necessary for the stable and correct operation of the application. And also for analytics and improvement of our application.
Data transfer to third parties.
User data is private and not transferred to third parties.
Legality of data collection
The user of the application confirms that any data related to the phone number used in the Application belongs to the user legally. The user guarantees that the data processing does not violate the rights of third parties and any use of the Application is carried out with the consent of the user and on his direct instructions.
The amount of data processed.
The user has read the functionality of the application and agrees to the processing of data to the extent to which they are used in the Application
Shelf life
User data processed in the Application is stored from the moment of application installation and throughout the period of Application use
Consent to the processing of your data
By accepting these rules you confirm your acceptance of the Rules and give the unconditional right to the Application to use Your data for processing purposes, as well as the right to request and process data from other services.
OTHER
1. Our users' information is not shared with anyone other than our team.
2. WATracker will not be held responsible if the information is captured by third parties in the event of an attack or leak on our servers.
3. When you register and log in to the application, your information will be stored on the server for number tracking.
4. We do not knowingly store the data of people under the age of 15 on our servers. If you are under the age of 15, do not send us any personal information such as your name, phone number, e-mail address. No one under the age of 15 can provide personal information. If we realize that we have collected the data of a person under the age of 15, we will delete this data quickly. If you think we have data from someone under 15, please contact us..
5. WATracker may terminate the application at any time. Can shut down or delete servers.
6. All prices in the application can be changed or deleted by the application at any time.
7. We cannot be held responsible for the distribution of any materials (text, visuals, personal information, profanity, insults) you share within the application.
8. Your data is not stored on our servers.
9. Subscriptions are automatically renewed every month.
10. Payment will be reflected in your iTunes account after your confirmation.
11. WTracker PRO continues unless canceled.
12. W Tracker PRO duration is 1 Month and 1 Year.
13. Unless canceled, WTracker PRO fee will be billed to your iTunes account at 199.99TRY(1 Month) every month or 999.999TRY(1 Year) every year.
14. For cancellation to be successful, it must be made 24 hours before the period ends..
15. Anyone who downloads the WTracker application is deemed to have accepted this agreement.