BlueLoop powered by MyCareConnect
Features
How It Works
Tour
Mobile Apps
Insulin Calculator
FAQs / Helpful Docs
Diabetes Resources
Contact Us
Sign Up
Family Sign Up
School Personnel
Donate
Login
Features
How It Works
Tour
Mobile Apps
Insulin Calculator
FAQs / Helpful Docs
Diabetes Resources
Contact Us
Sign Up
Family Sign Up
School Personnel
Donate
Privacy Policy
Home
Legal
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or enter medical information.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, phone number or medical information. What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) • To process transactions and send notifications
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested.
• To send periodic emails
The email address you provide, will only be used
to send you information, updates and newsletters pertaining to your account.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, upcoming events, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future newsletters, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each newsletter.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please notify Support at john.henry@mycareconnect.com How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will be kept on file for more than 60 days in order to give you access to medical information.. Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to save your preferences for future visits. Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, servicing you, or conducting research so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age without your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
http://www.mycareconnect.com/terms.aspx Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.mycareconnect.com 825 Market St. Bldg. M, Suite 250 Allen, Texas 75013 USA john.henry@mycareconnect.com (302) 4OurKids
Privacy Policy Created by Free Privacy Policy
Notifications Delivered
Signup Now
Get Started Today
Signup Now
Supporting the physical and emotional well-being of children with diabetes, and those who care for them, by facilitating communication among home, school and clinic.
Read more
"I don’t feel like I am drowning in numbers anymore."
"I work at Children's in Plano and use BlueLoop for educating patients."
"BlueLoop changed my life. It is that simple. I would never go back to how I was keeping track of information before."
"I’m a school personnel and I use my BlueLoop account at all 3 of my schools."
"Parents love the instant notifications throughout the day. Thank you! BlueLoop makes my job SO much easier!"
"I have a family who needs your help, they don't even have insurance for the child."
"I remember an event I attended where Pam spoke and know there is a code I can provide them so they can access this wonderful program."
"BlueLoop is the most important app on my phone."
Get In Touch
Address
9453 Angleridge Road
Dallas, TX 75238
phone
(972) 841-1310
eMail
john.henry@mycareconnect.com
Website
www.mycareconnect.com
Translate this page Unavailable Microsoft ®
Translator Check out this page in {0} translated from {1} translated from Original: Translated: Automatic translation powered by Microsoft® Translator Start translating Stop translating Close Close and show original page Select
© 2023 BlueLoop | Powered By
MyCareConnect
Privacy Policy
|
Terms and Conditions
facebook
twitter