Privacy Policy - HUSO On The Go - This is HUSO
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Welcome to HUSO Inc., a website available at thisishuso.com
(the “ Site ”). The Site and related services are owned and operated by HUSO Inc. (“ HUSO ”).
We have developed this Privacy Policy to inform users (“ user(s) ,” “ you ,” or “ your ”) about how we collect information in the course of conducting our business, including on the Sites, how we use the collected information, and a user’s rights with respect to the collected information.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, then do not access or use the Site. By accessing and/or using the Services, you accept and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into
Terms of Use . Your use of our website and any Personal Data you provide through the Site(s) are subject to this Privacy Policy at all times.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at 1-833-439-4876 or email us at
hello@thisishuso.com .
Information We Collect
When you use the Site, we collect and/or process the following types of Information:
a) Personal Data
“ Personal Data ” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as first and last name, mailing address, telephone number, payment information, e-mail address . In the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”), Personal Data includes an identification number, location information, and/or an online identifier.
b) Non-Personal Data
Non-Personal Data does not identify you, but provides insights regarding your use of the Site(s). For example, we collect information about your use of the Site, including but not limited to completing an order form, setting up an account, responding to communication (e.g. surveys, requests for feedback), contacting us by phone, email, postal mail. We use automated information collection tools [such as cookies and web beacons] to collect certain types of Non-Personal Data. You can set your browser to reject cookies, but that may limit your use of some convenience features on the Sites.
Personal Data and Non-Personal Data are collectively referenced as “ Data .”
Use of Information
For Legitimate Interests .
We use Non-Personal Data collected by clickstream information collection, web pixels, and cookies to store your preferences, improve website navigation, make personalized features and other services available to you, to generate statistical information, monitor and analyze user traffic and usage patterns, monitor and prevent fraud, investigate complaints and potential violations of our policies, to improve the our content and the products, services, materials, and other content that we describe or make available through the Site, and otherwise help administer and improve the Site.
We may identify you from your Personal Data and merge or co-mingle Personal Data and Non-Personal Data. Except as otherwise stated, we may use Information we collect from you for the legitimate business purpose of providing our Services to you, including, but not limited to:
delivering product information and sales.
Consent.
If you are a citizen of the EEA whose Personal Data we have collected (a “ Data Subject ”) and we have obtained your consent, we may also use your Data in the following ways; and, if you are a citizen of any other jurisdiction, you acknowledge that we may use your information in the following ways: to respond to your requests and provide user support; to evaluate and improve the content of our Services;
to customize the Services to your preferences; to establish accounts to use the Services; to communicate information and promotional materials to you (where you have not expressed a preference otherwise); to check on your account status and maintain record of activities in connection with your use of the Site; to notify you of any changes to relevant agreements or policies; to enforce our agreements, terms, conditions, and policies; to work with our service providers who perform certain business functions or services on our behalf and who are bound by contractual obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy; to prevent or investigate fraud (or for risk management purposes); to comply with a legal obligations, court order, or in order to exercise our legal claims or to defend against legal claims; to conduct aggregate or research analysis and develop business intelligence that helps us to enhance, operate, protect, make informed decisions and report on the performances of our Services; to validate your username, e-mail, password, and/or other login credentials; to respond to your requests to provide you with merchandise you have requested to fulfill your subscription purchase(s); to notify of contest or sweepstakes results; to send e-mail and postal mail supplying the most recent service information or to send you information about an order (e.g., order confirmations, shipment notifications, etc.); to notify of any changes to relevant agreements or policies.
In addition, we may use third‐party e‐mail providers to deliver communications to you. This is an opt-in e-mail program. If you no longer want to receive these e-mail communications, you may opt-out of receiving e-mail communications through the “unsubscribe” link or by contacting us
hello@othisishuso.com .
We may, from time to time, invite you to participate in online surveys. The information requested in these surveys may include, but is not limited to, your opinions, beliefs, insights, ideas, activities, experience, purchase history, and purchase intent regarding products, events, and Services. The information collected by these surveys is used to research market trends, company growth, community needs, etc. Your input will help us to improve customer experience and shape development of our products and Services.
How We Share Information
We may share Personal Data or Information with the following parties:
Corporate affiliates, including corporate parents, subsidiaries, other affiliated entities, and associated entities for the purposes described in this Policy which are required to treat the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
Service providers that help us administer and provide the Services (for example, a web hosting company whose services we use to host our platform). These third-party services providers have access to your Personal Data only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. We have entered into contractual relationships with these service providers and require them to comply with all applicable information privacy laws and regulations and to use the Information only for the purposes for which it was disclosed. We require that any third-party service providers limit their use of your Information solely to providing services to us and that they maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of your Information and not make unauthorized use or disclosure of the Information;
Authorized third parties, who are parties directly authorized by you to receive the applicable Information, such as when you authorize a third-party application provider to access your account. The use of your Information by an authorized third party is subject to the third party’s privacy policy;
Third parties in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), in which case we will require the recipient to use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
As we believe necessary: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to enforce applicable terms and conditions; (iii) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others;
(iv) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (v) to respond to claims that contact information (e.g. name, e-mail address, etc.) of a third-party has been posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of harassment
and (vi) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence;
We have enabled Google Analytics to collect information about our traffic through the use of Google advertisements and other anonymous identifiers. We use Google Analytics cookies and other cookies to compile information to better understand users and provide users with a more tailored experience. You can opt out of Google Analytics by visiting Google’s Opt-Out Browser Add-on website
here
Pursuant to your express consent
Information Security
We take reasonable steps online and offline to safeguard the Personal Data that you provide to us, including SSL Certificate.
If you have any questions about security on our Services, or if you become aware of any unauthorized use of an account, loss of your account credentials, or suspect a security breach, notify us immediately via email at
hello@thisishuso.com .
If our security system is breached, we will notify you of the breach to the extent required under applicable law.
Rights to Your Personal Data
You may change, edit, update, or delete the information that you provided when you set up your account through our Service(s) through your account settings.
You may also request the deletion of this information by sending an e-mail to hello@thisishuso.temp927.kinsta.cloud.
If you reside in certain jurisdictions, such as the EEA, you may have additional rights and options with regard to accessing, reviewing, correcting, and updating your Personal Data, as well as how we use and disclose your Personal Data.
As a Data Subject, you have the right to request access to your Personal Data as it exists in our records by logging into the account you have created for yourself in Services account / e-mailing us at
hello@thisishuso.com .
You also have the right to rectification, correction, or amendment of your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
You may also have the right to erasure of your Personal Data; however, this is not always possible due to legal requirements and exceptions may apply.
A Data Subject may have the right to object to the processing of his or her Personal Data, for example, due to his or her particular situation, for direct marketing uses, or for scientific or historical research. In certain circumstances, Data Subjects may have the right to obtain a restriction on our processing of their Personal Data, in which case such Personal Data will, with the exception of storage, only be processed with the Data Subject’s consent or in circumstances such as our exercise or defense of legal claims or the protection of another person. Data Subjects may also have the right to request that we provide data portability for their Personal Data via a copy of the data in a commonly-used format and/or transfer their Personal Data directly to another data controller (where technically feasible). Exceptions to these rights may apply, for example, if the processing is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest. Finally, if a Data Subject has given his or her consent to our processing of his or her Personal Data for certain purposes, he or she has the right to withdraw consent to such use at any time by contacting us via the contact information below.
If you are not satisfied with how we manage your Personal Data, you have the right to make a complaint to a data protection regulator. A list of National Data Protection Authorities can be found
here .
Information Retention
We retain the Personal Data we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Site(s) or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our products and services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
Geographic Data Transfers
In some instances we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside the EEA. In all cases, we take steps to ensure that transfers of such Personal Data are performed in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests. Transfers are limited to countries that are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights. Therefore, where we transfer your Personal Data outside our corporate affiliates or to third parties who help provide our products and services, we obtain contractual commitments to protect your Personal Data under Data Protection Agreements and pursuant to Standard Contractual Clauses. Some of these assurances are well recognized certification schemes or such as the EU - US Privacy Shield for the protection of Personal Data transferred from within the EU to the United States. Where we receive requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we carefully validate these requests before disclosing any Personal Data.
Data Protection Officer
Our appointed Data Protection Officer is Larry Doochin.
If you have an inquiry regarding your Personal Data, pursuant to the rights listed in the preceding section (above), please send your message to the following:
[ Larry Doochin ]
larry@thisishuso.com
Links to Third Party Sites
The Site(s) may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by us of those other websites, their content or services, or the persons or entities associated with those websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of all third-party websites or services that you may visit.
Children's Privacy
We do not sell products or services for purchase by anyone under the age of thirteen (13).
In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), we will never knowingly request or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. In the event that we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such Personal Data without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as is practical. W e reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors are not using the Service(s).
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request and obtain a list of what Personal Data (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge. Under Section 1798.83, California residents are entitled to request and obtain such information, by e-mailing a request to
hello@thisishuso.com .
Changes in the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify and update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an amended version of the statement on our Site. Please refer to this policy regularly. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you either on the panel home page of our Site or via e-mail
hello@thisishuso.com .
How to Contact Us
Because protecting your privacy is important to us, you may always submit concerns regarding our Privacy Policy on the contact us page. We will attempt to respond to all reasonable concerns and inquiries expeditiously.
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
By e-mail:
[hello@thisishuso.com]
By telephone: [1-833-439-4876]
×