Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Elvia Coleman
Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
May 25, 2022
Elvia Coleman Privacy Policy Effective Elvia Coleman ("us", "we", or "our") operates the website and the mobile application (the "Service"). This
page informs you of our policies regarding the , use, and
disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you
have associated with that data. We
use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service,
you agree to use of information in accordance with
this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used
in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and
Conditions. Data Access and Removal You can always control what information you choose to share with us on the Service. To do so, you can change your settings in the Service or in your mobile device. Alternatively, you can remove the Service from your mobile device entirely. You can remove your data anytime you want. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers. Any personally identifiable information that (i) you share in text messages, photos, videos or otherwise in or through the Developer_Name application with other users, or (ii) submit on a blog, bulletin board or chat room on our website or elsewhere, can be viewed and used by others, including to send you unsolicited messages or to commit identity theft. Developer_Name is not responsible for any use or misuse of your information that might result from your disclosure of information. Service Providers In certain instances, Developer_Name. and Developer_Name may have contracts with third parties to provide products and/or services in connection with the Service. In those cases, Developer_Name may share your personal information with Developer_Name’s third-party service providers, but only in connection with providing the services to you. For example, Developer_Name shares your phone number or email with third party SMS and email providers to deliver the authentication SMS or email to you when you register with Developer_Name. We contractually require that these third parties use your information solely to deliver SMS or email to you and to use appropriate security measures to protect your information. In addition, certain Developer_Name servers are owned and hosted by third party service providers. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third party service providers. Security Protecting user privacy and personal information is a top priority for Developer_Name and Developer_Name. We make substantial efforts to ensure the privacy of all personally identifiable information you provide to us. Access to all personally identifiable information is restricted to those Developer_Name and Developer_Name employees, contractors, agents and third-party service providers who need to know that information in order to provide, operate, develop, maintain, support or improve the Service. Developer_Name and Developer_Name uses password protection, access logs, and system monitoring to safeguard the confidentiality and security of all member information. In addition, due to the inherent nature of the Internet and related technology, we do not guarantee the protection of information under our control against loss, misuse or alteration. Sharing of your information We will not rent or sell your information to third parties (or the group of companies of which Developer_Name is a part) without your consent, except as noted in this Policy Parties with whom we may share your information: We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Developer_Name is part of, or that become part of that group ("Affiliates"). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates' own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences). But these Affiliates will honor the choices you make about who can see your contents. We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms. We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of users our app receives. This information does not contain any personal or personally identifiable information, and is used to develop content and services that we hope you will find of interest. We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information. Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content: Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public. With this feature, Developer_Name can be protected from exhibitionism. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others. If you remove information and contents(eg. Screenshots, etc.) that you created on the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties have copied or saved that information.(eg. Facebook, etc.) Children's Privacy Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children"). We
do not knowingly personally identifiable information from
anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are
aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please
contact us. If we become aware that we have Data from
children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to
remove that information from our servers. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
emailzmmxfbin@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Elvia Coleman
Visit profile
Archive
May 2022 1
Report Abuse