Home Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy Policy Introduction Welcome to our Fate Love Story ("Romantic Mystery Game Studio"). We are committed to keeping your personal information private. This Privacy & Cookie Notice applies to information we collect through our Fate Story(the “Game”) and explains what information may be collected through the Game, how we use cookies and other tracking devices, how much information may be used and/or shared with other, how we safeguard it and how you may access and control its use in connection with our marketing communications and activities. Please take a moment to read this Privacy & Cookie Notice carefully before using the Game. By using the Game, you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to this Privacy & Cookie Notice and our use of cookies and other tracking devices. In addition. 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT Information You Provide to Us By using the Game, you agree to allow us to access and use certain information about yourself and your friends via your Facebook account (“Account”). In order to use the Game’s features and functionality, the Game may require access to information associated with your Account (“Account-Related Information”) (this may include your name, profile name, email address, gender, birthday, location, list of friends, friends’ profile pictures, networks, or other profile-related information and any other information you have opted to share with “everyone” on Facebook). Some of this Account-Related Information may be capable of personally identifying you or your friends (“Personal Information”), and you can adjust your Facebook privacy setting to control what information the Game is allowed access to. We may also collect information from you when you provide feedback to us or request information about the Game, when you register to use the Game, or when you participate in a promotion, survey or other feature of the Game. When you download and register to use the Game, you agree to allow us to access, collect, display, transfer and use Account-Related Information, according to your Account permissions, including in the following ways: The Game will read from your Account your list of friends so that you may send messages to friends, including friends who have also downloaded and registered to use the Game. We may use certain Account-Related Information to contact you and your friends in connection with the use of the Game; to provide certain features and functionality; to provide certain information, products and services related to the Game, the Series and related games and series; to deliver automatic updates; and to improve the Game’s performance. We also use Account-Related Information for analytics and to enhance, customize and tailor the Game to you, and to generally enhance and improve the Game for you and other users. Information We Collect Automatically Whenever you interact with the Game, we and third-party advertisers and/or service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how you access and use the Game (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include, in part, your browser or device type, your operating system, the page served, the time, the preceding page views, your use of certain features of or applications incorporated into the Game, and interaction with friends and group activities. This statistical data provides us with information about the use of the Game, such as how many users interact with a certain feature of the Game, how long such interactions last, and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on. This information helps us keep the Game fresh and interesting to our visitors and tailor content to a visitor’s interests. Technologies used in the Game to collect Usage Information may include, but are not limited to: Cookies. Cookies are data files placed on a device when it is used to access the Game. Either we or our third- party advertisers or service providers may place cookies or similar files on your device for security purposes, to facilitate navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting the Game. Cookies allow us to collect technical and navigational information, such as your browser type, time you spend with the Game and the features of the Game you visit. Cookies allow us to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are interacting with the Game. Pixel tags. A pixel tag is a transparent graphic image, sometimes called a clear GIF, web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed. In addition, a pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server. We also automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device you use to access the Game. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your device when you access an application, a website or their servers, and our computers identify your device (including its location) by its Device Identifier. 2. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT We use the information we collect about and from you for a variety of business purposes, including, for example, to respond to your questions and requests; provide you with access to certain areas and features of the Game; communicate with you about your account, the Game and your activities using the Game; communicate with you about the Series, and related series, shows, games or products; communicate with you about changes to any of our policies; tailor content, advertisements, and offers we serve you; improve the Game; to process applications and transactions, and for our internal business purposes. In addition, we may use your Personal Information for other purposes for which you otherwise provide your consent. We may also post on social networking or third party sites or applications (such as Facebook) that you are playing the Game or have engaged in certain activities in the course of interacting with the Game, or post your comments or other submissions about your experience with the Game on such websites or on other media channels. 3. SHARING OF INFORMATION Except as provided in this Privacy & Cookie Notice, we will not provide any of your Personal Information or Account- Related Information to any third party without your specific consent. We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information, and Usage Information, with third parties. We may also share your information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, and as otherwise described in this Privacy & Cookie Notice. In addition, we may share your information in the following circumstances: Information Shared with Facebook. When you participate in certain features or functionality offered as part of the Game, you grant us permission to post videos, messages, notes and related content to your Wall about your use of such feature or functionality. In addition, when you agree to post Game-related content and information to the Game’s Facebook page, we associate your Account-Related Information to the posting. Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf. In order to carry out your requests, to make various features, services and materials available to you through the Game, and to respond to your inquiries, we may share your Personal Information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliates). These may include, for example, companies or individuals that host or operate the Game, analyze data or provide customer service; advertisers; merchants, sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions or provide marketing or promotional assistance; and partners in co-branded sites or sites that state that they are “powered by” either us or third party partners. We may also use your Personal Information or share it with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers or other third parties to provide you with product information and promotional and other offers. Your Agreement to Have Your Personal Information Shared. While interacting with the Game, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party, including social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter. If you request products, services, or other information that may be offered by us or third-party merchants as part of the Game, or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information (including, if required, contact information, financial information (like account or credit card numbers)) will be disclosed to the third party and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party. Business Transfers. We may share your Personal Information or Account-Related Information with other entities and affiliates in the family of companies under common control with The Other Guys for business and operational purposes. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, or assets related to the Game, Personal Information, Account-Related Information, Usage Information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of the Game may be disclosed to such entity as part of the due diligence process and will be transferred, in whole or in part, to such entity as one of the transferred assets. If so, we will seek to obligate the acquiring entity to use any information transferred in a manner consistent with this Privacy & Cookie Notice, but cannot guarantee that it will be able to impose that requirement or that the acquiring company will comply. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered one of our assets and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties. 4. INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you’re on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us, that website may send us your email address and other information so we can contact you as requested. If you choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as a Facebook or Twitter application or a similar application or feature on a third party website), you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Personal Information or Account-Related Information such as lists of your friends, “likes”, comments you have shared, groups and location. We may also receive information about you if other users of a third party website or application (including Facebook or Twitter) give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections’” or “friends’” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service. The information we collect about you through the Game may be supplemented with information from third parties in order to enhance the Game and your experience of it and to confirm the information that users provide to us. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy & Cookie Notice to any Personal Information provided, unless we have disclosed otherwise. 5. ADVERTISING/BEHAVIORAL TARGETING In order to provide more relevant advertisements to you, we use technology to serve advertisements in the Game. We may use third parties to serve these advertisements. We may also use third party analytics vendors to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Game. We do not share Personal Information with these providers unless you have expressly authorized us to do so. However, like other advertising service vendors, they may place and access cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies on your device, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including Usage Information. We and our network advertisers may target advertisements for television series, products and services in which you might be interested based on your interaction with the Game, and visits to other websites. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by third party providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours. 6. REFERRAL PROGRAMS You may refer friends to the Game via a social networking platform. If you do, you will be subject to the privacy policy and the terms and conditions of the specific social networking platform. Some social networking platforms enable functionality that allows a user to receive and transmit data to the social networking platform through use of overlays or other technology. Although it appears the data is collected by us, the data is in fact collected directly by the social networking platform. If you decide to use this functionality, the data to be transmitted will be collected directly by the social networking platform, and we do not receive, collect or use the information. Please note your social networking account settings, as those settings will affect how and with whom your posts, information and other content are shared. 7. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION We take information security seriously, and we use reasonable security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your Personal Information. Please note, however, that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us or that we store. You use the Game and provide us with your information at your own risk. 8. CHILDREN Because protecting the privacy of young children is especially important, the Game is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not use or access the Game at any time in any manner. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. 9. EXTERNAL SITES The Game may contain links to external third-party sites that we do not own or operate. This may include links from advertisers, sponsors and/or partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding or co- marketing agreement. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these third- party sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other sites may send their own cookies to your device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our services (including those linked to through an email or social networking page). 10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY & COOKIE NOTICE We may change, add or delete information in the Game and/or this Privacy & Cookie Notice, at any time without prior notice to you. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the updated Privacy & Cookie Notice adjacent to the Game communicating such changes to you. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy & Cookie Notice, and we encourage you to check back regularly for any changes, additions or deletions. 11. CONTACT US Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy & Cookie Notice or your experience with the rmgstudio6@gmail.com Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse