Privacy Policy Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy of NowStep NowStep, accessible from, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by NowStep and how we use it. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. Our email:
feiawueq7437432@gmail.com   Log Files NowStep follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Cookies and Web Beacons Like any other website, NowStep uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information. For more general information on cookies, please read "Cookies" article from the Privacy Policy Generator. What Information do We Collect? - Personal Information: When you sign up for a user account for any of the Services, We collect personal information, such as your phone number. - Device Information: When you access our website or use our software, the information we collect includes IP Addresses, location data, Device ID, Advertiser ID, browser type and settings, device type and settings, and operating system (such as iOS and Android). - Information collected by Third-Party Analytical Tools: Our app integrates SDKs from several analytical service providers for app optimization purposes. These third-party SDKs may also collect your information such as GAID (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA (Identifier for Advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information, and IP address. This Policy does not govern our third-party analytical tools. You can find their privacy policy on their websites. The partners we select to work with include but are not limited to Apple Annie (Apple Annie Inc.) and Firebase (analytical platform of Google LLC), etc. The information they provide to us is aggregated analytical data. How and Why We use this information? - We use your information to communicate with you, to ensure our services are working as intended, to make improvements to our services, to develop our business, and to protect against fraud and spam. - We provide the information we collect to third parties, such as advertisers, to provide you with commercial advertisements. The provision of such information generates revenue to pay in part or whole for the Services. We do not provide personal information to third parties except for billing purposes. - We may use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We may use automated systems to analyze your information to provide you with personalized services and personalized advertisements. And we may analyze your information to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. Security We implement industry-standard security measures intended to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Service and you do so at your own risk. Transfers of Your Information If you choose to use the Service or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed, and maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, including the United States. Such countries may have laws that are less protective than the country in which you reside. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use the Site or Service. Disclosure of Your Information If you violate laws and regulations (such as sending harassment messages), we will legally disclose your personal information. How is your information stored? Personal data shall be processed and stored as long as required for the purpose they have been collected for. We have strict policies to control the access and usage of such data. If you would like to have your information deleted, please contact us. How is your information shared? We never share your information with third parties. All the information we collect is only to optimize our product and is safely stored in our server in an encrypted format. The information will not be disclosed to any third parties. What important permissions do we request? Here we explain all important permissions that our app requests. These permissions are necessary for our app to perform certain features. Google DoubleClick DART Cookie Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads Our Advertising Partners Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below. - Google https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads Privacy Policies You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of NowStep. Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on NowStep, which are sent directly to users' browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit. Note that NowStep has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. Third Party Privacy Policies NowStep's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies? Children's Information Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity. NowStep does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will make our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records. Online Privacy Policy Only This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they share and/or collect in NowStep. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. Consent By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse