211 Wisconsin
Toggle navigation
Home
Contact Us
Dial 2-1-1
Text ZIP Code to 898211
Chat Now
Email Us
About
About
FAQ
Stories
Addiction Recovery
Home
Search
Insurance
Treatment
Loved Ones
Support
Learn More
Order Materials
Get Help
Providers
Disaster/Severe Weather
Report Damage
Resources and Updates
Extreme Cold Warming Shelters
Mental Health
Guided Searches
Addiction Helpline Guided Search
Basic Needs Guided Search
Caregiver 18+ Guided Search
Family and Child Guided Search
Mental Health Guided Search
Relative Caregiver (Kinship) Guided Search
Community Dashboards
Social Determinants of Health Dashboard
Sign In
Font Size:
Privacy Exit
Privacy Policy
211 Wisconsin (211WI) understands that privacy is important. 211WI is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and any confidential or personally identifiable information that you provide to us as you access and use the materials on this site and 211WI products and services. 211WI’s managing partner, United Way of Wisconsin (UWWi) operates this Site.
The following Privacy Policy outlines the breadth of 211WI’s commitment to privacy and is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information that you provide us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using the Site, Products, and Services. Please note that 211WI, at its discretion, may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes to our policy will be reflected on this page so that you remain informed about the information we collect and how we use it. By exploring and using this Site, and by submitting information as you use this Site, you agree to 211WI’s use of such information as described herein. Please read this policy carefully.
This Website and the Services are designed for persons in the United States.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
211wi-manager@unitedwaywi.org .
Referral Policy
211 Wisconsin will not trade or sell a contact’s personal information with anyone else.
However, the information you enter or share with one of our Information & Referral Specialists may need to be shared
with other providers of services or information, but only for the purpose of assisting you with services
or information useful to you, as you request.
Donor Policy
211 Wisconsin will not trade, share, or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone
else. However, the information you enter when making an online donation may need to be shared with
payment processors, financial gateways, your credit card company, and/or other third parties, but only
for the purpose of authorizing the credit card payment or otherwise completing the transaction you
request.
External Links
211 Wisconsin will not trade, share, or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone
else. However, the information you enter when making an online donation may need to be shared with
payment processors, financial gateways, your credit card company, and/or other third parties, but only
for the purpose of authorizing the credit card payment or otherwise completing the transaction you
request.
Personally Identifiable Information
The nature of our services may require that we request personally identifiable information from you (such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card number, e-mail address, and/or any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of you) in connection with your use of, or participation in online donations and requests for additional information (including via email to us), and in connection with other activities, services or resources we make available on this Site and in our Products and Services. In all of these cases, all information is collected voluntarily. Gathering this information allows us to serve you and the community better. We use this information for our business purposes and reserve the right to share this information with third parties. While 211WI undertakes efforts to see that any third party to whom 211WI discloses personal information is under an obligation to use the personal information solely for the purposes for which the information was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which 211WI exercises no control. 211WI is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling practices of third parties.
211WI may use Internet "cookies" to improve your use of this site. Internet cookies are small amounts of data that contain a unique identifier that many websites frequently send to your web browser to be stored on your computer in order to save data about you. When you revisit the Site, 211WI may recognize you by your Internet cookies and customize your experience accordingly. You may decline Internet cookies by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software, if available.
We may also use personally identifiable information from non-donor related sections of the website for internal or external fundraising or informational purposes. Please note, however, that under certain circumstances, if you initially do not choose to share contact information to sign up for workshops or other programs, or if you later "opt-out," you may not be eligible for certain outreach efforts from us for which a name, e-mail address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information is needed.
We have the following exceptions to these policies: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order or in compliance with the Patriot Act. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of this Site, or a physical or property threat to you or others.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information (browser types, technical information, operating
systems used to access the site, ISP, user visits) through the use of:
"Cookie" technology: A "cookie" is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser,
which may then store it on your system. We do not collect any personally identifiable information
through cookies.
"IP address tracking": An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on
the Internet. When you request pages from this Site, our servers log your IP address.
"Web beacons": A Web beacon, or "clear gif", is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based
document that a web site can use to determine information about a user.
Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you
utilize on this Site and about the links you may select from within this Site to other areas of the
World Wide Web or elsewhere online.
We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners, suppliers and other third
parties, but we will not share any individual names, personal navigational or other personal
information. We also may use aggregate information to publish dashboards to help communities, funders
and government entities understand community met and unmet needs, trends and other population level
information collected through call, text, chat or website use.
Further, we may contract with a third-party provider to help manage and optimize 211wisconsin.org's
search tool. We use this service to help us research how visitors use the tool. To do this, we use Web
beacons and cookie technology on this Site. The type of information we collect includes the number of
visitors who use the search tool, search terms visitors use, and number of times a visitor uses the
search tool. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what resources
our visitors need most. Although this third-party provider logs the information coming from this Site on
our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. We collect summary and statistical
information about the numbers of individuals who use our search tool and what resources those
individuals view. We use this information for our business purposes and reserve the right to share this
information with third parties and when required by Law Enforcement investigation.
Third Party Services
The list below shows third-party services currently used by the 211 Wisconsin on 211Wisconsin.org and provides links to the privacy policies and terms of use / legal policies of each third-party service provider.
VisionLink : This service is used for management of our online database.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.visionlink.org/visionlink-privacy-policy
Terms of Service:
https://www.visionlink.org/documents/Visionlink Terms of Service.pdf
PayPal : This service is used as a payment processor for authorizing credit card
payment or otherwise completing requested transactions.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Terms of Service:
https://www.paypal.com/ga/webapps/mpp/ua/acceptableuse-full
Prevention Pays : This is the texting service used by 2‑1‑1 Wisconsin.
Standard messaging and data rates may apply. Text STOP to opt-out. For end user privacy and terms
and conditions of texting with 898211, go to:
http://www.preventionpaystext.com/policies
.
InContact : This service is used to deliver 211 calls and chats to
our I&R Specialists.
Privacy Policy:
http://www.incontact.com/call-center-software-company/legal/privacy-policy
Legal Policies:
https://www.niceincontact.com/call-center-software-company/legal
Healthwise : This service is used to deliver evidence-based, easy-to-understand health education and behavior change and shared decision making tools.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use:
https://www.healthwise.org/privacy.aspx
MindWise : This service provides brief mental health and substance use screenings.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use:
https://screening.mentalhealthscreening.org/211-wisconsin-inc/privacy
Internet Security
211WI uses reasonable efforts to ensure that the Site is generally available. However, there will be
occasions when access to the Site will be interrupted or unavailable. We will use reasonable efforts to
minimize such disruption where it is within its reasonable control. You agree that 211WI shall not be
liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site. You understand that the
technical processing and transmission of any content via the Site may be transferred unencrypted and
involve: (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical
requirements of connecting networks or devices. Please be advised that we do not guarantee that any
information sent from our Site will be secure during transmission, nor can we guarantee the
confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to 211WI via the Site or the Internet in
general, including, for example, personal information such as your name or address.
Protection of Your Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, 211WI
has put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard
and secure the information we collect online. However, no security system is perfect, and 211WI cannot
guarantee that information you provide to 211WI over the Internet will remain private. 211WI also cannot
guarantee that information you transmit to us over the Internet will not be intercepted.
Children Under the Age of 18
We realize that people accessing our site may be under the age of 18 and may not understand all the
provisions of our policy or be able to make thoughtful decisions about the choices that are made
available to our adult users. We strongly urge all parents to participate in their children's
exploration of the Internet and any online services, and to teach their children about protecting their
personal information while online.
The Website, our Products, and our Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information via the Website from visitors in this age group and will take prompt steps to
delete any such personally identifiable information.
Access To and Ability to Correct Personal Information
Upon your request via postal mail, email, or telephone, 211WI will provide you with a summary of any
personal information retained by 211WI that has been voluntarily provided by you to 211WI through online
forms, registration forms, surveys, email, or another online avenue. You may modify, correct, change or
update your personal information by contacting 211WI by email at
211wi-manager@unitedwaywi.org .
To Protect Ourselves/For Legal Purposes: We may disclose your information to protect our rights and
property, to prevent against fraud and abuse, and to protect other users of our services. For example,
if we believe that you are misusing our Website (e.g., scrape data) or taking an action that is harming
our Website (e.g., uploading a virus to our Website), we may share your information with law enforcement
to protect our Services. We also may disclose your information as permitted or required by law, for
example, in response to court orders, subpoenas, or other requests from government agencies.
Acceptance Terms
You signify your acceptance of 211 Wisconsin’s Privacy Policy through your participation
and continued use/visitation of this website and, where applicable, our products and services. If you have any concerns regarding the policy, please
discontinue use of this site, the products, and the services.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
Your personal information and privacy is important to us. Please note that we will take whatever
measures necessary to protect your privacy by keeping appropriate security measures on our database,
exercising best practices with the transmission of your information (unless sent by a means outside of
our control, such as e-mail).
Please also note that any reference herein to any specific commercial products, processes, or services
by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement,
recommendation, or favoring by 211 Wisconsin.
Your Suggestions
211WI welcomes your comments and suggestions about the Website, but 211WI asks that you do not send us
any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials, or other information relating to
developing, designing, redesigning, modifying, providing, or marketing any of our products or services
or any new products or services. With this in mind, if you choose to send to 211WI via the Website any
such information, including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, product or service
ideas, know-how, or suggestions (collectively, "Your Suggestions"), you agree that 211WI will own Your
Suggestions, and by submitting Your Suggestions to us via the Website, you assign to 211WI all worldwide
rights, title, and interest in and to Your Suggestions. 211WI will not have any obligation to keep Your
Suggestions confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute Your Suggestions
to others without limitation or liability. 211WI may use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques in
Your Suggestions for any purpose whatsoever, including developing and marketing products or services
that incorporate or otherwise embody Your Suggestions, without providing any notice, compensation, or
attribution to you.
How to Contact us
If you have any questions, requests, or concerns related to this Privacy Policy, please email us at
211wi-manager@unitedwaywi.org .
Powered By 211 Wisconsin Contact Centers
Green Bay
Hudson
La Crosse
Madison
Menasha
Milwaukee
Wausau
Wisconsin Rapids
Administrative Offices:
2-1-1 Wisconsin
2059 Atwood Ave, Madison WI 53704
(608) 246-8272
211wisconsin.org
Managed by United Way of Wisconsin
Privacy Policy
×
Sign In
The email address for the account that you are trying to log into has not been verified.
Please re-enter the email address and then click on the button below labeled "Verify Email" to resend the email verification instructions.
Follow the instructions in the email and then try to sign in again.
Verify Email
Forgot Password?
Cancel
Sign In
Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate