Viana Apps Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Viana Apps Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to all apps (Android) under the publisher name of “ lutitech
”. We has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our app with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in
Short Video Status n Slideshow Maker Appsolution
. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this app. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. Third-Party Sites The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us Consent By using our app, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms. Information we collect The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name and your email. Security We Do-not share your personal information to any third party for our interest and we are very much concern about your personal information security and privacy. We put physical power for security purposes. We or non of our employee has rights to share your information with any third party without your prior permission.   Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app Google Play Services AdMob Google Analytics for Firebase Facebook Children's Information Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity. lutitech
does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our app, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records. Changes to this Privacy Policy Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse