Privacy Policy Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Effective date: June 1, 2023 Nana Team ("us", "us", or "our") operates the Nanamobile application (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service, as well as the choices you have related to that data. Our Nana Privacy Policy is managed via the free Privacy Policy website We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions. Information collection and use We collect many different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our services to you. Types of data collected personal information While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: · First and last name · Address, state, province, zip code, city · Cookies and Usage Data usage data When you access the Services on or through a mobile device, we may automatically collect certain information, including but not limited to the type of mobile device you are using, your unique mobile device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system , the type of mobile Internet browser you are using, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data"). Tracking and Cookie Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on our Services and store certain information. Cookies are files containing a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from the website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also include beacons, tags, and scripts used to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Services. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use certain parts of our Services. Examples of cookies we use: · Session cookies. We use session cookies to operate our service. · Preferred cookies. We use preference cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. · Protect cookies. For security purposes we use secure cookies. Use of data Use the collected data for various purposes: · Providing and maintaining services · Notify you of changes to our services · Allow you to participate in interactive features of our services during the selection process · Provide care and support to customers · Provide analysis or valuable information for us to improve our services · Monitor service usage · Detection, prevention and resolution of technical problems data transmission Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may be inconsistent with those from your jurisdiction. Protection laws are different. If you are located outside of China and choose to provide information to us, please note that we will transfer the data, including Personal Data, to China and process it there. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy and submitting such information, you consent to the transfer. Nanawill takes all reasonable and necessary steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in compliance with this Privacy Policy. Your personal data will not be transferred to any organization or country unless appropriate controls are in place, including to protect the security of your data and other personal information. Data disclosure Legal requirements Nanamay discloses your personal data in good faith for the following reasons: · Fulfill legal obligations · Protect and defend Sarah’s rights or property+ · Prevent or investigate possible illegal activities in connection with the Services · Protect the personal safety of service users or the public · Protection from legal liability Data Security The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. service provider We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your personal data only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse