Privacy Policy - Wildsparq
Why Wildsparq?
Why Wildsparq
Success Stories
About Us
Try Wildsparq
Pricing
Resources
Sign In
Get a Demo
Why Wildsparq?
Why Wildsparq
Success Stories
About Us
Try Wildsparq
Pricing
Resources
Sign In
Get a Demo
Get a Demo
Sign In
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the Wildsparq website located at
www.wildsparq.com , and all associated sites linked to
www.wildsparq.com
by Wildsparq, LLC, its subsidiaries and affiliates (those sites, the “Site”). The Site is owned by Wildsparq, LLC (“Wildsparq”). The privacy policy also incorporates by reference the Subscription Agreement and Terms of Use also available at the Site. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DISAGREE WITH THE PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Wildsparq reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this privacy policy, at any time. You are responsible for periodically reviewing the privacy policy for changes. By continuing to use the Site, you accept any changes at the time they are implemented.
Scope
This privacy policy describes how any personal information collected as a result of your using the Site will be maintained by Wildsparq.
Collection of Personal Data
Two types of data may be collected from you:
Personal Information
Personal Information is information collected that may identify you. Personal Information is not required to use the Site. Personal information is only gathered if voluntarily provided by you. Some Personal Information may be gathered by other sources linked to the Site.
If you register with the Site, Wildsparq may collect some Personal Information from you. In some instances, Wildsparq may gain access to some personal data through third-parties or affiliates. Some of the information that may be collected can include, but is not limited to:
contact information such as name, email address, or phone number;
financial information such as credit card or bank account numbers;
additional information required to verify your identity;
Username/Screen Name and Password;
supplemental information from third parties (for example, if you incur a debt to Wildsparq, a credit check may be conducted by obtaining additional information about you from a credit bureau, as permitted by law); and
any other information you may provide.
Information from sources linked to the Site may provide information to Wildsparq for your convenience to link the Site with other providers.
Non-identifying Information
Non-identifying information is anonymous information. This information is technical and is often gathered from analytics software for the Site. All such information is also subject to the Privacy Policies of the analytics services. Some of the information collected can include, but is not limited to:
users; logs, contact information, and other information about the communications between information based on your activities on the Site, such as search information, computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to, from and within the website, ad data, and IP address and standard web log information.
Use
All personal data collected will be used, primarily, to provide the services on the Site in an effective and personalized manner. Your personal information may be used to:
Provide services and customer support as requested, including confirming emails related to the website services, reminders and transactions.
Facilitate communication between interested parties registered on the Site.
Customize your experience and otherwise measure and improve the services and the Site.
Keep you informed about targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers through various means of communication. (There is an option to opt-out of marketing communications)
Compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties.
Measure consumer interest in the products and services offered on the Site.
Help promote a safe service and detect and prevent error, fraud, and other potentially prohibited or illegal activity.
Enforce the Terms of Use and other agreements and policies of the Site.
To collect fees.
As otherwise described at the time of collection.
Disclosure
Wildsparq does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. Wildsparq may share analytics and non-identifying information without your explicit consent. Wildsparq may share some or all of your personal information with:
Subsidiaries and assigns of Wildsparq. Other parties will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you’ve requested the services of the other party.
Law enforcement offices, third-party rights owners or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the Terms of Use, Subscription Agreement, or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that a posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of other users or the general public.
Parties to whom you grant permission for Wildsparq to share.
Site providers under contract who help with the business operations of the Site; or
As permitted by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process.
Communication
The Site communicates and facilitates communications to users through telephone or email communication. The Site may collect information related to such communication. You agree for someone from or on behalf of Wildsparq to contact you by any means provided for contact through your use of the Site.
Email Preferences
All users have the opportunity to opt out of receiving nonessential (i.e., promotional or marketing-related) communications from Wildsparq after registering for an account. To remove your contact information from Wildsparq’s lists and newsletters, simply follow the opt out link included in each email.
Cookies
Wildsparq or its service providers may place cookies or web beacons on your computer when you visit portions of the Site. Permanent cookies help facilitate personalized features, such as automatically logging into your personalized home page. Session cookies, which are deleted when you log out of the Site or browse to a different website, to monitor and improve the functionality and usability of our website. Cookies can be blocked by changing the settings on your browser (contact your Internet Site Provider for help), but doing so may prevent delivery of certain services.
Web Analytics Services
The Site may use various web analytics services. These services may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website, except text in password fields. The Site will not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. The Site does not track browsing habits across other web sites or text input in password fields.
Third Parties
This privacy policy only applies to Personal Information collected by Wildsparq. If you disclose your information to others, whether registered users of this Site or through other sites throughout the Internet, this privacy policy does not apply. Wildsparq does not control the privacy policies of third parties, even if the Site links directly to another website that collects your personal data.
3rd Party Services Linked To Your Account
We receive information about you when you or your administrator integrate third-party apps or link a third-party service with our Services. For example, if you create an account or log into the Services using your Google credentials, we receive your name and email address as permitted by your Google profile settings in order to authenticate you. You or your administrator may also integrate our Services with other services you use, such as to allow you to access, store, share and edit certain content from a third party through our Services. For example, you may authorize our Services to connect with a third-party calendaring service so that your team meetings are available to you through the Services, so you can invite others to collaborate with you on our Services or so your organization can limit access to certain users. Your administrator may also authorize our Services to connect with a third-party reporting service so your organization can review how the Services are being used. The information we receive when you link or integrate our Services with a third-party service depends on the settings, permissions, and privacy policy controlled by that third-party service. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand what data may be disclosed to us or shared with our Services.
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
You are responsible for any Personal Information you provide. You are also responsible for making any necessary changes to your personal data. If you opt out of receiving any communications, some Personal Information may be maintained by Wildsparq to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce the Terms of Use, Subscription Agreement, or Privacy Policy, and take other actions permitted by law.
Account Protection
Do not disclose your password to anyone. You are responsible for all actions of your username and password. Giving away your password will permit another person access to your personal data. If your password has been compromised, please change it immediately.
Security
Wildsparq will make every reasonable effort to protect your Personal Information. Wildsparq, however, makes no warranty or promise that your personal data or private communications will not be intercepted due to unauthorized access or disclosure.
The information contained in this Site is subject to change without notice.
© 2023 Wildsparq, LLC All rights reserved.
Updated by Wildsparq LLC’s General Counsel on May 15, 2020.
Schedule Your Live Demo Today
We understand your desire to help your team become everything they can be. Whether you’re facing communication problems in the workplace or you simply want to grow your people into better leaders, Wildsparq offers a turnkey training solution that your employees will actually enjoy.
Get a Demo
Wildsparq
About Us
Terms
Privacy Policy
Support
Contact
Sign In
Our Interactive Courses
Communication Skills
Tough Conversations
Team Building
Feedback
Emotional Intelligence
Workplace Innovation
I work in...
Human Resources
Operations
Compare
Wildsparq on G2
vs. Hone
vs. Franklin Covey
vs. Dale Carnegie
vs. LEADx
Who We Serve
Chick-fil-A Operators
Services & Contractors
Support
Sign In
© 2023
Wildsparq
|
Privacy
Web Development By
Infomedia