Privacy Policy | Luxe Clare Staffing
top of page LUXE CLARE STAFFING Staffing, Recruiting and Consulting Services Log In Home Employment About Client Inquiry Privacy Policy More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Privacy Policy ​
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to  www.luxeclare.com , the Luxe Clare Staffing App and Luxe Clare Staffing and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Luxe Clare Staffing include  www.luxeclare.com  and the Luxe Clare Staffing App. The Luxe Clare website is a Staffing site. By using the Luxe Clare website and app, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered, Luxe Clare may collect personally identifiable information, such as (including but not limited to) your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Previous Employer(s)
Job Title
Social Security number (for I-9 verification)
Vaccination Status
Banking information (for payroll)
Driver’s License
​
If you purchase Luxe Clare's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services. We will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Luxe Clare collects and uses your personal information to operate and deliver the services you have requested.
​
Luxe Clare may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Luxe Clare and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Luxe Clare does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Luxe Clare may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Luxe Clare, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
​
Luxe Clare may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Luxe Clare or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Luxe Clare; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Luxe Clare, or the public.
We disclose Personal Information in the following ways:
Affiliates: We may share Personal Information with other companies owned or controlled by Luxe Clare Staffing, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Luxe Clare Staffing, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns, particularly when we collaborate in providing the Services.
Facilities with which You Book a Shift: Your name, licensure and qualifications, contact information, and background check results will be provided to Facilities with which you have booked a shift. In limited circumstances, we may share other Personal Information of yours, including your social security number, with Facilities with which you have booked a shift. Sharing of social security numbers with Facilities will be limited to instances where the information is reasonably related to a reporting requirement or other legal obligation of the Facilities, including, but not limited to, required staffing reports, regulatory audits, and investigations and/or reports regarding allegations of Professional misconduct.
Facilities in General: We may share the following Personal Information with facilities in general, even if you have not booked a shift with them: your name, your profile photo, any worker video clips you have chosen to provide us with, your total number of completed shifts, your attendance rate (which we calculate based on your numbers of booked and cancelled shifts), and the average rating you have received from Facilities.
​
Survey, Contest and Sweepstakes Providers, Sponsors and Partners: We may share Personal Information with third parties who assist us in delivering our survey offerings and processing the responses. We also may share information with our contest, sweepstakes and other promotional providers and partners. Some Luxe Clare Staffing content is “sponsored by” or “presented by” other companies. Luxe Clare Staffing shares market research data (how the sponsorship performed, names of contest winners, etc.) collected on this Site, the Services, or via email surveys with these partners. This information is usually in aggregate form. Partners may sponsor promotions, contests and sweepstakes that require you to reveal details such as your name, address or phone number. Always check their privacy policy before revealing information about yourself. If you don’t want these sponsors to have your Personal Information, you can choose to not participate.
​
•             Your Employer / Company: When an individual interacts with our Services as an employee or representative of their company, we share their information with their employer or other employees at their company.
​
•             Marketing Providers: We coordinate and share Personal Information with our marketing providers in order to communicate with individuals about the Services we make available.
​
•             Customer Service and Communication Providers: We share Personal Information with third parties who assist us in providing our customer services and facilitating our communications with individuals that submit inquiries.
​
•             Other Service Providers: In addition to the third parties identified above, we engage other third-party service providers that perform business or operational services for us or on our behalf, such as payment processing, website hosting, infrastructure provisioning, IT services, analytics services, administrative services.
​
•             Business Transaction or Reorganization: We may take part in or be involved with a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of company assets. We may disclose Personal Information to a third party during negotiation of, in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction. Personal Information may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.
​
Legal Obligations and Rights: We may disclose Personal Information to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement:
•    if required by law or if we are given reason to believe, in our sole discretion, that someone is causing injury to or interference with the rights of Users, the general public, or Luxe Clare Staffing,
•    to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, legal process, or required response to a regulator,
•    in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims,
•    to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies,
•    to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud,
•    to protect the  and safety of us and others, or
•    as otherwise required by applicable law.
Otherwise With Consent or Direction: We may disclose Personal Information about an individual to certain other third parties or publicly with their consent or direction.
For example, with an individual’s consent or direction we may post their testimonial on our Site or service-related publications.
Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we will not disclose to non-partner third parties any Personal Information specifying your medical or condition, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership without your consent.
​
Please note we utilize the third-party provider PayActiv to process payments on our behalf. Although you provide your personally identifiable financial information in connection with payments, such as your credit and debit card numbers, directly to PayActiv, we may store or view your PayActiv account data which may include your PayActiv account number, and the last four digits of your credit card, debit card and/or bank account number. To view PayActiv’s privacy policy, please visit
www.payactiv.com
Tracking User Behavior
Luxe Clare may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Luxe Clare, in order to determine what Luxe Clare services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Luxe Clare to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Luxe Clare. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Luxe Clare website.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
​
Delete your personal information from our records; and
​
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
​
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
​
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
​
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
​
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
​
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
​
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
​
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Children Under Thirteen
Luxe Clare does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Luxe Clare may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Luxe Clare or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Luxe Clare, you may opt out of such communications by Customers may unsubscribe from emails by "replying STOP" or "clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button..
Changes to this Statement
Luxe Clare reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our website, and/or by updating any privacy information. Your continued use of the website and/or Services available after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
​
You may opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners, remove your information from our database, and choose to not receive future communications unrelated to the Services.
​
During the account sign-up process, you will be automatically subscribed to receive correspondence from either Luxe Clare Staffing or its partners, but will be provided with the option to opt out of receiving such correspondence. This information remains on your profile.  You may contact Luxe Clare Staffing customer support ( support@luxeclare.com
or 888-404-0461) at any time to update your contact information and notification preferences.  If you enroll with Luxe Clare Staffing, we may occasionally contact you with information about special events, activities, promotions, contests, submission opportunities and programs. You always have the option to ask Luxe Clare Staffing not to contact you with this information again.
Contact Information
Luxe Clare welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Luxe Clare has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Luxe Clare at:
Luxe Clare Staffing
P.O. Box 9108
Naperville, Illinois 60567
Email Address:
Support@luxeclare.com
Telephone number:
8884040461 888.404.0461 support@luxeclare.com Apply for Staffing Services Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
Subscribe Form Submit Thanks for submitting! ©2021 by LCS Nurse Consulting. Proudly created with Wix.com bottom of page