Privacy Policy - Nomadic Insights, LLC.
Home
About Us
Services
ESOMAR 36
Apply
Blog
Contact
Support
Login
Affiliate Signup
Select Page
Home
About Us
Services
ESOMAR 36
Apply
Blog
Contact
Support
Login
Affiliate Signup
NOMADIC INSIGHTS PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 4/13/2023
General
This Privacy Policy describes how Nomadic Insights, LLC, and its affiliated entities (collectively, “ Nomadic Insights , ” “ we ,” “ us ,” or “ our ”) collect, use and share personal data collected from visitors to our website, mobile application, and other services or content available through the foregoing (our “ Services ”).
By using any of our Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Certain states, such as California, may require specific disclosures to you regarding our practices and the rights that are available to you as a resident of such state.  Please see our state-specific disclosures below.
Please note that the privacy policy of other websites affiliated with Nomadic Insights may vary from this Privacy Policy.  If a website affiliated with Nomadic Insights has a separate privacy policy for its website, the provisions of such website’s terms and conditions will control in the event of a conflict with this Privacy Policy.
The Types of Information We Collect
Nomadic Insights is a market research “panel” provider.  This means that we recruit individuals to join our panel and then match them with opportunities to participate in market research and surveys.
The categories of information we collect as well as descriptions of how we receive, use and share that information is described in the chart below:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Source of Information and Why We Collect This Information
Contact Information
Name, username, mailing addresses, email address(es) and telephone number(s)
We collect your Contact Information from you when you voluntarily provide it.  For example, when you register to become a Nomadic Insights member and when you communicate with us.
We collect this information to establish your account and to interact with you.
Identification Information
Driver’s license and other identity documentation and date of birth
If you register to become a member of one of our panels, we may request that you voluntarily provide certain Identification Information.
We collect this information to confirm your identity as needed to prevent fraud.
Demographic Information
Age, gender, nationality, ethnicity, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, active duty or veteran status, marital status and similar demographic details
This information is provided by you voluntarily.  We may also use data purchased from data brokers to append to your profile.
We request that you provide this Demographic Information and append purchased data so that we can better match you to opportunities to participate in market research.
Where this information includes protected classifications we only collect this information with your knowledge and consent.
Consumer Information
Information regarding your consumer purchases.  For example, the brand of car you own
This information is provided by you voluntarily.
We request that you provide this Consumer Information so that we can better match you to opportunities to participate in market research.
Health Information
Information regarding your health information or a family member you care for.
This information is provided by you voluntarily.
We request that you provide this Health Information so that we can better match you to opportunities to participate in market research.
Financial Information
Information regarding your household income.
This information is provided by you voluntarily.
We request that you provide this Financial Information so that we can better match you to opportunities to participate in market research.
Professional and Employment Information
We may receive your educational and professional history. If you are a healthcare professional, we may also request your medical license number, NPI or equivalent in your local market and images of relevant medical licenses/certifications to confirm you are a validly licensed medical professional.
This information is provided by you voluntarily. We also may verify this information by checking credentials and other information entered into a professional’s profile.
We request that you provide this Professional and Employment Information so that we can better match you to opportunities to participate in market research.  We check credentials and collect medical professional documentation to prevent fraud.
We also use the information of business professionals to match them to consulting opportunities and full-time employment opportunities that fit their profile.
Our team also obtains data for equal opportunity employment purposes:
Usage Information
Information about and from the surveys you participate in through our Services.
We automatically collect information about the surveys you participate in and your answers in those surveys.
For example, if you answer screening questions to determine whether you are eligible for a survey, we may automatically store your answers so that you don’t have to answer those questions in the future.
Geolocation Information
We may infer your general location based on your IP address.
We automatically collect your general location based on your IP address.
We use this information to understand how our Services are being used and for fraud prevention purposes.
Feedback or Response information
If you provide feedback, post to us on social media, or if you respond to a communication from us or our vendors, we collect your response information, including the content of your feedback or response message.
We collect this information when you voluntarily provide it.
Device Information
When you visit our Services or use our apps, our web servers automatically log your Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about your device, including unique device identifiers (such as MAC address); device type; and your device’s operating system and version, browser type and language, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration, and mobile network information.  We may use this information to identify your device, even if you do not become a member of our panels.
We automatically collect this information when you use visit our website, use our mobile application or participate in our Services.
We use this information to understand how our Services are being used and for fraud prevention purposes.
Privacy and Preference Data
Information related to your choices in how we process your personal information and contact you.
We automatically collect this information when you use our privacy tools to let us know your preferences.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use the personal information we collect for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you. For example, we use personal information for the following purposes:
Providing Our Services.  To provide our Services, including to offer you the opportunity to participate in surveys and other market research.
Verification . We may use your information to verify the information you provide to confirm your eligibility to participate in market research and to prevent fraud.
Business Operations.  To operate our business, such as: creating and managing your membership in our Services, including paying incentives, and for securing our systems, and detecting fraudulent or illegal activity, and monitoring and analyzing trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services.
Product Improvement, Development, and Research.  To improve our products, develop new products or features, and conduct research.
To understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our services and to personalize your online experience when you use the Services.
Customer Support.  To answer your questions and respond to your requests and to send you information and notices about your membership, such as updates, order confirmations, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
Marketing and Advertising.  To communicate with you about new products and services, offers, promotions, contests, upcoming events, and other information about our products and services.
Legal, Security, and Safety Reasons.  For legal, security and safety reasons, such as to protect our rights and the rights of our customers and members, enforce our policies, communicate safety notices, detect, investigate, or prevent fraud and other illegal activities, or address legal and regulatory compliance obligations.
For any other purpose described to you at the time information is collected.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share your personal information as follows:
Nomadic Insights’ entities . Your personal information may be shared within our company and with our affiliated entities as reasonably necessary to accomplish any of the above-noted purposes.
Market Research Partners .  We may share your personal information with our market research partners who may offer you the opportunity to participate in market research.  For example, if you take a survey, we may share your information with our client who has questions about the identities of respondents.
Vendors and Service Providers . Your information may be shared with parties who support our business, such as data brokers, payment processing, advertising and marketing, web-hosting, analytics providers, customer-relationship-management software providers and other similar information technology providers.
Merger, Sale, or Business Transfer . Your previously collected personal information may be shared or disclosed in connection with the sale, assignment or other transfer of our company or one of our businesses and of their assets. This includes merger, sale, or transfer in the case of bankruptcy or receivership.
Fraud Protection, Prevention, and Legal Compliance.
We may disclose your information: (1) at times when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable regulation, law, judicial or legal proceeding, or governmental agency request; (2) to third-parties as to aid them in their attempts to root out fraud or suspected fraud or illegal activity; (3) to combat and prevent fraud, suspected fraud, illegal activities, and threats to others’ physical safety; and (4) to uphold and enforce an agreement we have with customers.
With your consent .  Other disclosures with your consent.
How We Secure Your Personal Information
We take what we believe are reasonable steps to protect your personal information as you transmit your information from your computer to our Services and to protect such information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Information for European Residents
Our Legal Basis for Processing :  In most instances, we process your personal information in order to perform our contractual obligations.  For example, we rely on this legal ground when we use your personal information to administer your membership on our panels and offer you the opportunity to participate in surveys. We may also process your personal information in connection with our legitimate interests; for example, in order to market our services to you and to understand and improve our Website, to process your information in connection with job inquiries, and where necessary to protect or defend our or another’s rights or property, or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, safety or privacy issues. In certain circumstances, we rely on your consent to process your information.  For example, we rely on your consent when you submit your information in connection with our verification services or when you provide sensitive information.  In addition, there may be other situations where other grounds for processing may exist, such as where processing is a result of legal requirements or for reasons of public interest.
Transferring Your Personal Information Internationally:
Nomadic Insights is based in the United States.  If you are a resident of the European Union or the United Kingdom (“ UK ”), you consent to the transfer of your information to the United States. When we transfer your personal information outside the European Union or the UK we will put in place appropriate safeguards, in accordance with our legal obligations.
Your Rights
Right of Access/Portability:
You can ask to review details about the information we hold about you and how that information has been used and disclosed. Note that we may request to verify your identification before fulfilling your request. You can also request that your personal information is provided to you in a commonly used electronic format so that you can share it with other organizations.
Right to Correct Information:
You may ask that we make corrections to any information we hold, if you believe such correction to be necessary.
Right to Restrict Our Processing or Erasure of Information:
You also have the right in certain circumstances to ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or to erase your personal information. Where you have consented to our use of your personal information, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
You can make a request to exercise any of these rights by emailing us at
privacy@nomadicinsights.com .
We will make all practical efforts to respect your wishes. There may be times, however, where we are not able to fulfill your request, for example, if applicable law prohibits our compliance.
Timeframe for retaining your personal information
We will retain your personal information in a form that identifies you only for as long as it serves the purpose(s) for which it was initially collected as stated in this Privacy Policy, or subsequently authorized. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Social Media Features
Our Site may include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button and Twitter “Follow” button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Information Collected from Children
Our services are intended for individuals over the age of 16.  If you are a child 16 or younger, you are not authorized to register for an account for our Services without consent from your parent or legal guardian.
If we become aware that personal information from a child 16 years of age or younger has been collected without such child’s parent or guardian’s consent, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.  If any parent, guardian or other responsible adult becomes aware that we have collected personal information from a child 16 years of age or younger, please contact us at
privacy@nomadicinsights.com .
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
As with many websites, our Services include a standard technology called a “cookie” and other similar technologies (such as, pixels and web beacons), which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you use our Services and services. These technologies automatically identify your browser whenever you interact with our Services and services.
We use the following types of cookie:
Strictly necessary cookies . These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Services.
Functionality cookies . These are used to recognize you when you return to our Services. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences.
Analytical/performance cookies . They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Services when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our Services work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Some of these are third party cookies which analyze website usage.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Controlling and Deleting Cookies
If you would like to change how a browser uses cookies, including blocking or deleting cookies from our Services you can do so by changing the settings in your web browser. To control cookies, most browsers allow you to either accept or reject all cookies, only accept certain types of cookies, or prompt you every time a site wishes to save a cookie. It’s also easy to delete cookies that are already saved on your device by a browser.
The processes for controlling and deleting cookies vary depending on which browser you use. To find out how to do so with a particular browser, you can use your browser’s “Help” function or alternatively, you can visit http://www.aboutcookies.org which explains, step-by-step, how to control and delete cookies in most browsers.
Links to Other Web Sites
You should be aware that when you are on our Services you could be directed to other sites beyond our control. For example, if you “click” on a link to one of our marketing partners sites, the “click” may take you off our Services and onto the marketing partner’s website. These other websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a website that is linked to our Services, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business and services change. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy or make any material changes to how we use your personal information, we will revise this Privacy Policy to reflect such changes and revise this Privacy Policy’s effective date.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of your personal information collected in the past without your consent.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how we are using and protecting your personal information.
Your California Privacy Rights
This California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure (this “ CCPA Disclosure ”) describes how Nomadic Insights collects, uses and discloses personal information relating to California residents (consumers) covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA ”) and other California laws. If you are a California resident, you have certain rights with respect to your personal information.
Introduction
Under the CCPA, “ Personal Information ” is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly with a particular California resident. The specific Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose relating to a California resident covered by the CCPA will vary based on our relationship or interaction with that individual.
Your information may be “sold” as defined under the CCPA, which defines “sale” as the disclosure of Personal Information to a third-party for monetary or other valuable consideration. California’s definition of sale is broad and encompasses many types of data transfers. However, we do not “sell” any consumer data in the traditional sense for direct monetary compensation.
For more information about how we collect, disclose, and secure information, please refer to our general Privacy Policy above. Terms that are used, but not defined, in this CCPA Disclosure are defined in the CCPA.
Notice Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected.
You have the right to receive notice of the categories of personal information we collect, the purposes for which we use personal information, and the categories of entities to whom we disclose or “sell” personal information. The categories we use below to describe personal information are those enumerated in the CCPA.
We disclose information for a business purpose to service providers and contractors, which are companies or individuals that we engage to conduct activities on our behalf. Service providers and contractors are restricted from using personal information for any purpose not related to our engagement.
We may also share your information with our market research partners to whom we share for consideration your information as defined by CCPA when you participate in surveys and other market research through our Services.
Information Type
Collected
Disclosed to?
Sold/Shared to?
Personal Identifiers
Contact information (name, phone number, address, email address)
Social media handles and account information
Unique identifiers (such as those assigned in cookies)
Driver License numbers, passport numbers or other government-issued identifiers
Service Providers
Market Research Partners
Market Research Partners
Protected Classifications
Age
Date of Birth
Gender
Sexual Orientation
Religious Affiliation
Service Providers
Market Research Partners
Market Research Partners
Commercial Information
Transaction information
Billing and payment records
Service Providers
Market Research Partners
Geolocation Information
Coarse information (e.g., ZIP code, IP address)
Service Providers
Market Research Partners
Market Research Partners
Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information
IP address
Device identifier (e.g. MAC)
Information provided in URL string (e.g., search keywords)
Cookie or tracking pixel information
Information about your interaction with our website, app, or email correspondence
Service Providers
Market Research Partners
Market Research Partners
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information
Online session monitoring
Photographs
Service Providers
Not Sold
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Current and past employers
Title
Service Providers
Market Research Partners
Market Research Partners
Education Information
Current and past educational institutions
Degree(s) attained
Years attended
Service Providers
Marketing Partners
Market Research Partners
Health Information
Medical conditions that you may have or experienced
Service Providers
Marketing Partners
Market Research Partners
Inferences Drawn About You
Interests
Preferences
Service Providers
Market Research Partners
Personal information may be disclosed in additional, more limited circumstances, as described in
How We Share Your Personal Information
above (for example, to law enforcement or in connection with a sale of our business).
Retention of Personal Information . We retain your information for as long as necessary to provide you and our other users the Services. This means we keep your profile information for as long as you maintain an account. We retain transactional information such as the surveys you have taken for at least seven years to ensure we can perform legitimate business functions, such as accounting for tax obligations. We also retain your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our terms and policies.
Right to Know and Right to Request Correction/Deletion.
You have the right to request access to the categories and specific pieces of personal information collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the categories of third parties and service providers with whom we disclose it.
You also have a right to request that we correct or delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. You may make such requests by emailing us at privacy@nomadicinsights.com. You can also submit your request by calling at -203-456-9063.
To provide personal information to you or to administer correction/deletion requests we will need to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law. We will verify your request by matching information we request or you provide with your request to information we have collected previously or by using our verification service.
We try to respond to requests in exercise to these rights within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Right to Opt Out.  You have a right to opt out from future the sale or sharing for cross-contextual advertising of your personal information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the methods above; or making your request via our webpage. You can prevent digital tracking information from being sold by visiting the Cookie Preferences page from the Do Not Sell My Personal Information page. Any opt-out choices you make will only apply to the specific email address that you provide when making the request, and to the browser that you are using when you submit an opt-out for digital tracking technologies.
Right to Not Experience Discrimination.  You have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights set out in the CCPA.
Use of an Authorized Agent.  You may designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us or confirm that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
California Shine The Light . Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents have the right to obtain (a) a list of all third parties to whom we may have disclosed your Personal Information within the past year for direct marketing purposes; and (b) a description of the categories of Personal Information disclosed. Please contact us at
privacy@nomadicinsights.com
to receive this information.
California’s “Do Not Track” Requirement . We do not react to “Do Not Track” or “DNT” browser signals at this time.
For Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah Residents
Please review our broader privacy policy above to learn more about how Nomadic Insights collects, uses and discloses your personal information We may process your personal information  for Targeted Advertising (as the term is defined in applicable state law). Some of the ways that we disclose personal information, as described in the disclosures section, constitute a Sale (as such term is defined in applicable state law).  This is particularly true with respect to disclosures when you participate in market research.
Right to Know . You have the right to know and see what personal data we have collected about you in a portable format.
Right to Correct . You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data.
Right to Delete . You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you, including information we may have collected about you from third parties.
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising . You have the right to request that we stop disclosures of your personal data for targeted advertising via cookies and tracking technologies by using our webform.
Right to Opt Out of Sale .  You have the right to opt out of our Sales (as defined in the applicable state statute) of your personal information.
You have the right to opt out of targeted advertising and the sale of your data (as defined under applicable state law).
Exercising Your Privacy Rights . You may make such requests by emailing us at privacy@nomadicinsights.com. You can also submit your request by calling 203-456-9063.
Right to Appeal . If you are unsatisfied with our actions related to the exercise of one of your privacy rights above, you may appeal our decision by contacting us again at
privacy@nomadicinsights.com
Right to Opt Out of Profiling . You have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. We do not profile in a manner that would result in legal or similarly significant effects and as such do not offer this right.
To respond to some rights we may need to verify your request either by asking you to log in and authenticate your account or otherwise verify your identity by providing information about yourself or your account. Authorized agents can make a request on your behalf if you have given them legal power of attorney or we are provided proof of signed permission, verification of your identity, and, in some cases, confirmation that you provided the agent permission to submit the request.
If you choose to exercise any of the privacy rights described above, you will not receive discriminatory treatment from us; provided, however, that you may not be able to take surveys (as we are required to share information in connection with your participation).
About Nomadic Insights, LLC.
Privacy
Avis de Confidentialité
Cookie Policy
Terms of Service
Do Not Sell My Info
Data Access Request Form
About Nomadic Insights, LLC.
Privacy
Avis de Confidentialité
Cookie Policy
Terms of Service
Do Not Sell My Info
Data Access Request Form
Manage Cookie Preferences
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn