Home Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how our app deals with the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the Google Play Platform). Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application, we even don't have a Server to store such PII. Information we collectCookies ( Webview browser cookies) - When you visit Forum service, we may send one or more cookies ? files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier ?to your mobile device that uniquely identifies your device and allows the application to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Forum. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Ads - Our app uses Facebook and Admob as ads provider. Facebook and Admob wants to show ads that are relevant to you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app. Google Play Services: https://policies.google.com/privacy Admob: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en# Firebase Analytics: https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/ Google Cloud Messaging (GCM): https://developers.google.com Facebook: https://m.facebook.com/ads/ad_choices. Log file - The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug log report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address, device information, location Information and your survey response only. How we use your informationIn above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains. Contact usIt should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at gregorydevstudio@gmail.com, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse