Privacy Policy | Cuentos Infantiles - Mente Estrategica
Kids Learning - Mente Estrategica
Privacy Policy for Kids Learning
Updated Sun 07, 2023
Print
Privacy Policy
Mente Estrategica created Kids Learning as a free application. This SERVICE is provided by Mente Estratégica at no cost and is intended to be used as is.
This page is used to inform visitors of policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone chooses to use this Service.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which can be accessed in the application unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Collection and use of information
Recopilación y uso de información
Cuentos y Fábulas Infantiles follows a standard procedure for using log files. These files record visitors when they use the application. The information collected by the log files includes browser type, In-game interactions such as: the number of clicks, Game time, Unique device identifier. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is to analyze trends, administer the Application, track users' movement in the Application, and gather demographic information.
The app uses third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Enlace a la política de privacidad de los proveedores de servicios de terceros utilizados por la aplicación
Google Play Services
Registration Date
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in case of an error in the application, I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as device name, operating system version, application settings when you use my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are stored in the internal memory of your device.
This Service does not use these "cookies" cleanly. However, the Application may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve its services. You have the option to accept or reject these cookies and to know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to reject our cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals and We use the information collected for the following purposes:
We use Firebase Analytics and Google Analytics to collect anonymous data about game usage. These tools allow us to understand user behavior, perform detailed analytics, and make informed decisions based on data to improve the game.
To facilitate our Service;
To analyze and understand user behavior, which allows us to improve the functionality, performance, and gameplay of the game.
To perform statistical analysis and generate reports on the use of the game. This data helps us understand general trends and make informed decisions about future upgrades and enhancements.
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform services related to the application; or
To help us analyze how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Information. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us with your personal information, so we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure or reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to other sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third party link.
Children's Privacy
I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from minor children. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I can take appropriate action.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have questions, concerns or requests related to this privacy policy, you can contact us at holamenteestrategica@gmail.com.
Copyright © 2023 Mente Estrategica, All rights reserved.