Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This policy was last updated on 2023-09-19. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:  privacy@wearosapps.com About this Privacy Policy This privacy policy sets out how we will use and protect any information that you give us when you use our apps. What information do we collect, and how do we use it? Nothing.! We don’t collect any private or public information. So we are respect your privacy.   Information you provide to us Certain information may be provided by you directly to us. This includes: If you contact us with a comment or query, we keep a copy of any personal information you provide. This is so that we can respond to your comments and questions as a part of our commitment to providing you with app support. If you contact us directly for any reason, we also keep a copy of that correspondence. This information is only used by us to reply back to you. What is Personal Information? ‘Personal Information’ is information that identifies you as an individual. This is only collected by us if you submit it to us directly. What about Sensitive Information? Sensitive information includes information about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information. We will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information. Platform Holders Our apps are made available for purchase and download by platform holders and vendors. All reasonable endeavours are used to ensure that these platform holders comply with all applicable legislation in the provision of their services towards us. When registering for these platforms they may collect information about you in accordance with their privacy policies. Some of this may be personal information, and some of it non-personal information. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any platform holder with whom you are interacting before doing so. The list of our platform holder privacy policies may be found here: Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy Advertising This is ads-free and paid application. So, we do not work with any third-party advertising companies. Policy Updates This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at  http://wearosapps.com/apps/easyblack12/privacy/
We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it. Complaints You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy to  privacy@wearosapps.com . This policy was last updated on 2023-09-19 .