Privacy Policy | PheedLoop
More Features Other Videos Community videos Virtual Events Registration & Ticketing Event App Live Streaming Exhibitor Management Speaker Management Mobile Check-In Badge Printing Event Website Call For Proposals Forms & Surveys Seat Planning Communication LOG-IN GET PRICING Overview Registration & Ticketing Event App Live Streaming Speaker Management Badge Printing More Exhibitor Management Mobile Check-In Event Website Forms & Surveys Seat Planning Communication Book A Demo Privacy Policy Last Updated: May 2, 2023 Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at PheedLoop Inc. (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at support@pheedloop.com. When you visit our website https://pheedloop.com/, mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites or Apps and our services. This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as https://pheedloop.com/), mobile application, ("Apps"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Sites"). Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us. We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of our customers who administer events or members through a PheedLoop Site or App. For information concerning such privacy and security practices, please review the privacy policy of the customer who administers the PheedLoop App or Site that you have visited. What information do we collect? Personal information you disclose to us: In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data, and payment information. We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering at the Sites or Apps, expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Sites or Apps (such as posting messages in our online forums or entering competitions, contests or giveaways) or otherwise contacting us. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites or Apps, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following: Name and Contact Data.
We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data. Credentials.
We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access. Payment Data.
We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions. All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information. Information automatically collected In Short:
Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Sites or Apps. We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Sites or Apps. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Sites or Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites or Apps, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. Information collected through our Apps In Short:
We may collect information regarding your push notifications and profile data, when you use our apps. If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information: Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings. Profile Data. To enhance your attendee experience, you may choose to input data such as your name, location, bio, picture, and other similar profile details. You may remove that data at any time, or completely hide your identity in the event you are participating in. Information collected from other sources In Short:
We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources. We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information; marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links). How do we use your information? In Short:
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent. We use personal information collected via our Sites or Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons"). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below. We use the information we collect or receive: To facilitate account creation and logon process
with your Consent. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account *(such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process. To send administrative information to you
for Business Purposes and/or possibly for Contractual. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Fulfill and manage your orders
for Contractual reasons. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Sites or Apps. To enable user-to-user communications
with your Consent. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent. Will your information be shared with anyone? In Short:
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations. We use personal information collected via our Sites or Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons"). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below. We only share and disclose your information in the following situations Compliance with Laws.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). Vital Interests and Legal Rights.
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. With your Consent.
We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent. Do we use cookies and other tracking technologies? In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information. We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy. How long do we keep your information? In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. How do we keep your information safe? In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites or Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment. Do we collect information from minors? In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Sites or Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Sites or Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at support@pheedloop.com. What are your privacy rights? In Short:
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time. We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Sites or Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Sites or Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at support@pheedloop.com. In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal. If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm Account Information In Short:
We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources. If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can: Contact us using the contact information provided. Log into your account settings and update your user account. Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements. Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites or Apps. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Sites or Apps visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. To otherwise opt-out, you may: Access your account settings and update preferences. Contact us using the contact information provided. Do California residents have specific privacy rights? In Short:
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information. We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Sites or Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Sites or Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at support@pheedloop.com. California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below. If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Sites or Apps, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Sites or Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Sites or Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems. Do we make updates to this policy? In Short:
Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. How can you contact us about this policy? If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) by email at support@pheedloop.com, or by post to: PheedLoop Inc. 510 Front Street West, Suite 100 Toronto, Ontario M5V 1B8 Canada Phone: +1 (888) 360-5667 support@pheedloop.com Features Hybrid Events Virtual Events Mobile Event App Registration & Ticketing Call For Proposals Badges & Check-In Speaker Management Exhibitor Management Reporting & Analytics Event Website Gamification Seat Planner Streaming Networking Live Display Events Conferences Trade Shows & Expos Academic Meetings Annual General Meetings Charity Fundraisers Privacy & Terms Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Company Careers Open API Blog & Updates Knowledge Base Product Changelog PheedLoop Cares Get In Touch @PheedLoop hello@pheedloop.com +1 (888) 360 LOOP 4881 Yonge Street, Suite 405 Toronto, ON M2N 5X3 © Copyright PheedLoop Inc. All Rights Reserved.