Embark Privacy Policy Effective September 8, 2023 Privacy Policy Description This Privacy Policy (“ Privacy Policy ” or “ Policy ”) explains how Embark Card Services LLC, and/or its affiliates (“ Affiliate(s) ”), (collectively “ Embark Card ”,
“we ”, “ our ”, or “ us ”) collects, stores, uses, discloses and otherwise processes “ Personal Data ” (as defined below) collected when customers (“ Customers ”, “ you”
or “ yours ”) visit our website My.EmbarkCard.com or use our mobile application, (collectively the “ Sites ”) to apply for the products and services offered by us and/or through our “ Business Partners ” as further defined and outlined below. Personal Data you share is also governed by the “ GLBA Privacy Notice ” where you have applied for a financial service or product (“ Financial Products ”). Please be certain to review the GLBA Privacy Notice to ensure you fully understand the privacy practices as they relate to Financial Products and any privacy rights you have regarding such Financial Products. Who We Are Embark Card provides a credit card services platform (the “ Platform ”) to enable us and/or companies with whom we directly contract (“ Business Partners ”) to offer credit card products and services to Customers (the “ Services ”). Celtic Bank is one of our Business Partners and the issuer of your credit card. For further information on how Embark Card and Celtic Bank collects your Personal Data, please see the GLBA Privacy Notice. About the Services We provide the Services through our Affiliates and through our Business Partners who utilize our Platform to engage Customers. Embark Card and its Business Partners provide offerings including but not limited to: Account Servicing and Administration—customer service operations, which includes responding to Customer inquiries, account-related inquiries, and “ Complaints ” (as further defined in this Policy); web-based platforms to allow Customers access to and management of online accounts; and payment and debt collection services. Fraud Detection—to ensure the security of Customer accounts Embark Card and its Business Partners provide services to identify and prevent fraud, including identity theft; and to perform necessary screenings of Customers in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Marketing—our Business Partners provide direct mail, digital, and email marketing services to allow Embark Card to offer new products and services. Capital Investments—including capital infusions. How Your Personal Data is Collected During the normal course of business with Embark Card our Business Partners may collect data such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and other information (“ Personal Data ”) you provide via the Sites when, for example, you request information about the Services, apply for credit through the Services, or provide feedback about the Services. Embark Card does not have direct access to your Personal Data. Embark Card may have access to your Personal Data if you submit a complaint in conjunction with the Services (“ Complaint ”) or if Embark Card or our Business Partners detect or suspect fraudulent activity on your account or suspect you may be in violation of applicable laws and/or regulations (“ Suspicious Account Activity ”). Any Personal Data related to a Complaint and processed by Embark Card is retained and stored in accordance with applicable law and will not be used for any other purpose other than the purpose for which the Personal Data was collected. Embark Card does not have access to and does not otherwise store your Personal Data. Our Business Partners may collect “ Sensitive Personal Data ”, which is a subset of Personal Data, such as your social security number, and/or banking or payment information, when you register for the Services and in order to establish an account with one of our Business Partners offering the Services. Embark Card may have access to Sensitive Personal Data where Suspicious Account Activity is detected. Any Sensitive Personal Data processed by Embark Card shall be retained and stored in accordance with applicable law and will not be used for any other purpose other than the purpose for which it was collected. Embark Card may have access to your Personal Data when Embark Card responds to regulatory or supervisory authority inquiries (“ Regulatory Inquiry ”) and/or in accordance with any contractual agreement Embark Card has with Business Partners to provide testing and monitoring services as required to comply with applicable law (“ Testing and Monitoring Services ”). Personal Data processed for any Regulatory Inquiry or Testing and Monitoring Services will only be used for that specific purpose and all such Personal Data obtained will be maintained in accordance with applicable law. If you agree to sign up for Embark Card’s marketing and communications emails (“ Marketing and Communications Services ”) Embark Card will collect and retain your Personal Data, specifically your email address, for so long as you subscribe to Embark Card’s Marketing Communications Services. You may opt-out of Embark Card’s Marketing and Communications Services at any time by selecting the unsubscribe link in your emails or by contacting us at
privacy@embarkcardservices.com . If you utilize the Platform and sign up for Services and are the recipient of an Embark credit card your Personal Data will be collected and processed in order to provide the Services (“ Business and Operations Services ”). You may not opt out of the use of your Personal Data for Business and Operations Services. For more information on how Embark Card uses your Personal Data in the provision of Business and Operations Services please see the
GLBA Privacy Notice . Cookies We use automatic data collection technologies (“ Cookies ”) to collect certain deidentified information as you interact with our Sites, including information about your website visits, traffic data, browsing actions, and patterns (“ Anonymized Data ”). The Anonymized Data collected through Cookies is used to improve the Services we offer to you and to ensure a seamless visit to our Sites. Our Business Partners may use Cookies, including Cookies to track your online sessions (“ Sessions Cookies ”), to collect Personal Data about your online activities over time in order to improve services offered; and to provide you with the necessary functionality to navigate their websites (“ Strictly Necessary Cookies ”). Sessions Cookies are retained for 15 minutes and thereafter deleted. You may not opt out of Sessions Cookies or Strictly Necessary Cookies. Our Business Partners also use Google Analytics to collect Cookies. To opt-out of Google Analytics Cookies please click here
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en . How your Personal Data is Used Embark Card and its Business Partners may use Personal Data collected via the Sites and Platform to facilitate the Services, specifically to: Administer your account; Confirm your identity, verify your account and account activity; Monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity and to identify violations of terms; Provide more tailored services to you; Send you requested product or service information, with your consent, including newsletters and/or marketing emails in the provision of Marketing and Communications Services; Send you related information, including statements, technical updates, additional service offerings, account alerts and confirmation and other support and administrative messages in the provision of Business and Operations Services; Provide you with product information and support services offered on our Sites or with respect to the Services; Administer our Sites and Platform; Resolve technical issues, and respond to Customer service requests; Conduct research and development, and For Testing and Monitoring Services and in response to any Regulatory Inquiry. Disclosure of Your Personal Data Data privacy and security rules and regulations (“ Data Protection Laws ”) require that companies protect Personal Data including a prohibition on selling and sharing your Personal Data (as those terms are defined under Data Protection Laws) and other obligations contingent upon whether a company is a controller/business or processer/service provider as those terms are defined under Data Protection Laws. Embark Card does not sell or share your Personal Data as Embark Card is not the controller of your Personal Data. Our Affiliates and Business Partners, who are acting on our behalf, assist us in providing Services to you, including data storage, maintenance services, hosting services, database management, web analytics, payment processing services, and transaction processing. Our Business Partners may disclose your Personal Data as outlined in their respective privacy policies and terms of use and any other agreement between you and the Business Partner (collectively “ Disclosures ”). Please carefully read and review our Business Partners’ Disclosures to ensure you understand how your Personal Data is disclosed. Embark Card and our Business Partners may disclose your Personal Data as required by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or when we or our Business Partners, in good faith, believe that disclosure of your Personal Data is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. If Embark Card or one of the Embark Card’s Affiliates is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Personal Data that is disclosed through the Platform may be disclosed as part of such merger, acquisition or sale. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Sites of any change in ownership or use of your Personal Data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Data. Short Messaging Services We will not contact you via short messaging services or text messaging (“ SMS ”) without your explicit, prior written consent. Any and all communications collected via SMS will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and applicable law, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) and Data Protection Laws. Your cellular phone number, which is Personal Data, will not be disclosed to any third parties except when authorized by you or where we are required to disclose this Personal Data in compliance with applicable law. Data Retention Personal Data collected by our Business Partners will be retained and maintained as outlined by the Business Partners’ Disclosures. Embark Card may retain your Personal Data in accordance with applicable law and as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Data Security The security of your Personal Data is important to us. We and our Business Partners follow accepted industry standards to prevent unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to your Personal Data and use appropriate technical and organizational measures, as required under Data Protection Laws, to protect your Personal Data. Such technical and organizational measures may include physical access controls, encryption, internet firewalls, intrusion detection and network monitoring. Our Business Partners, where applicable, are required to comply with Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards. US Data Protection Laws The California Consumer Privacy Act, The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, The Colorado Privacy Act, and the Connecticut Data Protection Act (collectively “ US Data Protection Laws ”) place limitations on businesses which process the Personal Data of consumers in those respective states. As Embark Card does not sell or share your Personal Data or otherwise process your Personal Data, as outlined under US Data Protection Laws, Embark Card is not obligated to provide Customers with consumer privacy rights. Accessing, Correcting and Deleting Your Personal Data Except under the limited circumstances where a Customer may submit a Complaint, where Suspicious Account Activity is detected, where we are required to respond to a Regulatory Inquiry, or where we engaged in Testing and Monitoring Services, Embark Card does not have access to your Personal Data. If you have a question regarding your Personal Data or would like to exercise your privacy rights under US Data Protection Laws please reach out directly to the Business Partners providing your account services. If we receive a consumer privacy access request from you, we will redirect you to the Business Partner who is the controller of your Personal Data. Privacy Policy Changes We may periodically update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “ Effective Date ” of the Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, additional notification will be provided, such as a statement on the Sites. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to stay informed of our privacy practices. Questions and Contact For questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us at:
privacy@embarkcardservices.com
or Embark Card Services LLC PO Box 88943 Sioux Falls, SD 57109
(877) 388-1688 EM_PP_090823