Vite + React
Privacy Policy Last Updated: [07/28/23] FULFIL INC. PRIVACY POLICY This policy explains our information practices, defines your privacy options and describes how your information is collected and used. This policy covers the websites and the various mobile, web and desktop applications (collectively the “Applications”) made available by FULFIL Inc. (“FULFIL”). The FULFIL Website and the Applications are owned and operated by FULFIL, a company organized under the laws of Minnesota. Should you have privacy questions or concerns, send an email to gufuf1@gmail.com. By using or visiting the FULFIL Website or using the Applications, you agree to the collection and use of information in the manner described in this policy. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by email, by means of a notice the next time you log in to the FULFIL Website, by means of a notice on the FULFIL Website homepage or when you next activate the Application. Such revisions and additions shall be effective immediately upon notice. You are responsible for reviewing the FULFIL Website or Applications periodically for any modification to this policy. Any access or use of the FULFIL Website or Applications by you after notice of modifications to this policy shall constitute and be deemed to be your agreement to such modifications. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT This policy applies to all information collected on the FULFIL Website, any information you provide to FULFIL and any information that results from your use of Applications. You will most likely provide us personal information to us when you register as a user of FULFIL Website, license and then use the Applications or participate in certain FULFIL promotions or events. The personal information we may collect might include passwords, user names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, bank information and credit/debit card numbers. THE APPLICATIONS Use of the Applications is subject to the terms and conditions of the Application Terms of Use. BLOGS AND PRODUCT REVIEWS The FULFIL Website or Applications may include blogs, product reviews or other message areas that allow users to post or send information to the FULFIL Website or the Applications. When you post information to the FULFIL Website or Applications, others can also view that information. We urge you to exercise caution when providing personally identifiable information to FULFIL, FULFIL Website or the Applications. OUR COLLECTION OF YOUR DATA In addition to the personal information you supply, we may collect certain information to (1) evaluate how visitors, guests, and customers use the FULFIL Website or the Applications; or (2) provide you with personalized information or offers. We collect data to make the FULFIL Website and Applications work better for you in the following ways: to improve the design of the FULFIL Website and Applications, to provide personalization on the FULFIL Website and Applications and to evaluate the performance of our marketing programs. The technologies we may use to gather this non- personal information may include “IP” addresses, “cookies”, browser detection, “weblogs” and various “geo-location” tools. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION Our primary goal in collecting your information is to provide you with a personalized, relevant, and positive experience with the FULFIL Website and Applications.
You can register on the FULFIL Website or the Applications to receive Promotions and updates, or to be contacted for market research purposes. You can control your privacy preferences regarding such marketing communications (see the section below entitled “Your Privacy Preferences”). From time to time, you may be invited to participate in optional customer surveys or promotions, and FULFIL may request that you provide some or all the above listed personal information in those surveys or promotions. We use information collected from surveys and promotions to learn about our customers to improve our services and develop new products and services of interest to our customers. IP addresses define the Internet location of computers and help us better understand the geographic distribution of our visitors and customers and manage the performance of the FULFIL Website. Cookies are tiny files placed onto the hard drive of your computer when you visit the FULFIL Website, so we can immediately recognize you when you return to the FULFIL Website and deliver content specific to your interests. You may modify your browser preferences to accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or reject all cookies. Please consult your browser instructions for information on how to modify your choices about cookies. If you modify your browser preferences, certain features of the FULFIL Website may not be available to you. We may detect the type of web browser you are using to optimize the performance of the FULFIL Website and to understand the mix of browsers used by our visitors, guests, and customers. To learn about how people use our site, we examine weblogs, which show the paths people take through the FULFIL Website and how long they spend in certain areas. The Applications may include the ability to link certain geographical information made available by us with your physical location. When you use the Applications, the Applications may know, in very general terms, your current physical location. To the extent that your physical location can be determined by the Applications, we may use your location to make available information to you that is relevant because of your physical location. We may also compile certain general information related to your use of the FULFIL Website and Applications. You agree that we are authorized to use, reproduce and generally make such information available to third parties in the aggregate, provided that your information shall not include personally identifiable information about you or be attributable to you. FULFIL may contract with unaffiliated third parties to provide services such as customer communications, website hosting, data storage, analytics and other services. When we do this, we may provide your personally identifiable information to third parties only to provide those services, and they are not authorized to use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY Access to your personal data is limited to authorized FULFIL staff or approved vendors. Although total security does not exist on the Internet or through mobile networks, FULFIL shall make commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the information that you submit to FULFIL. USE OF THE FULFIL WEBSITE AND APPLICATIONS BY CHILDREN THE FULFIL WEBSITE AND THE APPLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13. YOUR PRIVACY PREFERENCES When you sign up as a registered user of the FULFIL Website or Applications you may begin receiving marketing communications such as e-mail newsletters, product and service updates and promotions. Our customers generally find this type of information useful. If you do not want to receive these updates, you must “opt-out” by unchecking the “Add me to the mailing list” box on the registration page, or should you choose to opt-out after registering, you can select the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email and follow the opt-out instructions or send an email to privacy@[URL].com/unsubscribe. HOW TO ACCESS, REVIEW, CORRECT OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION Send FULFIL an email at privacy@[URL].com if you want to access, review, correct or delete your personally identifiable information collected by FULFIL. To protect your privacy and security, FULFIL requires a user ID and password to verify your identity before granting you the right to access, review or make corrections to your personally identifiable information. FULFIL may be required by law to retain certain of your personal information; if this is the case, you may not be able to correct or delete all your personal information. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process. It is also possible that FULFIL would sell its business (by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise) or sell all or substantially all its assets. In any transaction of this kind, customer information, including your personally identifiable information, may be among the assets that are transferred. If we decide to so transfer your personally identifiable information, you will be notified by an email sent to the last know email address in our files, by notice posted on the FULFIL Website or when you activate the Applications. PRIVACY AND OTHER WEBSITES AND APPLICATIONS The FULFIL Website or the Applications may contain links to other websites or other mobile applications. FULFIL is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites or applications. This policy only applies to information collected by FULFIL.