This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what
information GOGovApps collects, why we collect it, and what it is used for.
Information Collected
GOGovApps collects information that is used for analysis
purposes that help us manage our applications. We also collect information to
assist governmental agencies to deliver service to you.
1)
Information collected for analysis:
We automatically collect electronically generated information
about your use of the software.  Information collected is browser information and
pages visited. Each user session is stored in use logs and used to debug any
transactions, should it be needed.  This information is not reported or
released to any outside parties unless we are legally required to do so in
connection with law enforcement investigations and other legal proceedings.
2)
Information collected in interactive forms:
The information that is asked of us is to help governmental
agencies service your request for information or report of an issue.  When
personal information is asked for, like an email, name or phone number, it is
to help provide you with the best possible service and to respond to your
service requests.  This information is never used, sold, or rented for
marketing purposes.  Please be advised that much governmental data, like
service requests, may be retrieved by federal and state public record laws.
For mobile issues and service requests we will use your GPS
information, or the GPS location you provide, to help us identify the location
of the issue.  You may optionally submit photos, or short video, which will be
used to help identify an issue that you report.
We will never sell data for direct mail or advertising
purposes.
Use of Cookies
GOGovApps uses cookies to track sessions so we do not forgot
information you previously gave us.  You also have the option to save your user
name in a persistent cookie to make it easier for you to log into our system in
the future.
External Links
Our website and mobile applications may have links to
external sites to allow you to access other governmental services that the
governmental agency feels will give you the information you need or to fulfil a
service.  Access to these external links is controlled by the governmental
agency you are requesting service from.