Just in Time Notice for Zelle® App | Zelle
Skip to main content
Skip Navigation
THIS IS HOW MONEY MOVES
Main navigation
HOW IT WORKS
GET STARTED
Safety Education
FAQ
Main navigation
HOW IT WORKS
GET STARTED
Safety Education
FAQ
Information menu
Contact Us
Partners
Press
Legal
Your Privacy Rights
Security
Just in Time Notice for Zelle® App
Just in Time Notice for Zelle® App
E-SIGN DISCLOSURE AND CONSENT
USER SERVICE AGREEMENT
WEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICE
ZELLE® APP PRIVACY NOTICE
COOKIES AND TRACKING
SITE TERMS OF USE
JUST IN TIME NOTICE
SUBPOENA PROCESSING
CLEARXCHANGE LLC PRIVACY POLICY
Early Warning Services, LLC, the operator of the Zelle® Application (“Zelle®” or “we”) collects the following types of information about you, when you use this Application (“App”). You either enter this information into the App or agree to its collection/accessing automatically by the App. We may share the information collected/accessed with third parties. If you do not consent to our access, collection, sharing or transmission of the data as indicated below, please do not use this App.
Apps downloaded/used
- Bank or financial institution applications that you have downloaded for banks that are in our network of financial institutions, to and from which money can be transferred.
Biometrics
– TouchID information to verify your identity with your fingerprints as well as your voice in order to authenticate your identity and to protect the security of your account. Please note that any person with a fingerprint authenticated for TouchID on a device will have the ability to use this App if TouchID is enabled on this App.
Contacts/address book
- The names of your contacts and their phone numbers, email addresses, postal addresses, and other contact information, so that you can transfer money to and from people in your contact list for your convenience and enhanced experience.
Geo-Location (GPS, WiFi, or user-entered)
– Your precise past or current location and the history of where you have gone.
Mobile Phone Number
– When shared with us, we collect your mobile number as a means for communicating payment notifications to you and also as a token for authenticating your identity. We also collect the mobile number of any individual which you provide to us for the purpose of facilitating money transfers.
Email Address
– We collect your email address when you register an account and to provide you notifications regarding payment transfers and also as a token for authenticating your identity. We also collect the email address of any individual which you provide to us for the purpose of facilitating money transfers.
User’s Name
– Your full name so that we can customize our messages to you and so that we can identify the sender and recipient of a money transfer.
Financial and Payment Information
– Your bank financial information to process your money transfers both to and from your bank account.
Health and medical information
– We may collect any health information you specifically provide to us in the memo field when sending a payment.
Passwords
– Passwords you have entered or saved to access your account so if you have trouble accessing your account, we can help. We may also collect your password associated with your banking credentials with your permission in order to connect your banking information with the app and also for verification purposes.
Photos
– Photos you upload to your profile as well as your contacts’ photos so that you can more easily transfer money to your contacts. We also allow you to use your camera to capture an image of your banking card for the purpose of connecting your bank information to your account.
Identity of the Data Subject
– Information that identifies you as the owner of this device or the person providing information to us as well as for purposes of authenticating your identity and processing transactions on your behalf.
Cross Device Tracking and Device Graph
– Information that shows other devices you use, including the fingerprint you use to access your devices as well as other nonpersonal data that identifies you as the user of your other devices. Device graphs can be created by combining nonpersonal data regarding use of smartphones and other devices with personal log-in information to track interactions with content across multiple devices.
Unique Device ID (UDID)
– the unique series of numbers and letters assigned to your device.
Unique Device Tokens
– an address from the app platform for your device so that we can send you push notifications.
Unique Identifier Header
– header information such as the device type, preferred language and content support so that we create de-identified reports.
Identity of the Phone
– name of this device given by the user, e.g. “John Doe’s phone.”
Date of Birth
– In some cases, your date of birth for authentication purposes.
Security
– Certain security measures such as firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers and information access authorization control to help protect your personal information.
Bluetooth
– When you turn on Zelle®’s Nearby setting to be notified when other Zelle® App users are near you, we will use your device’s Bluetooth functionality to identify and notify you of other Zelle® App users near you. Also, enabling Nearby will allow other Zelle® users to be notified that you are near them.
Further information about the third parties we share or transmit your information with:
“ Service Providers or Vendors ” are under contract to assist with business operations such as, but not limited to, screening and authentication of your identity and your account.
“ Banks and Financial Institutions ” are banks or financial institutions that you use, which we share information with for the purpose of authenticating your identity and your account and processing money transfers to or from your account.
By using this App, I agree that Zelle® may collect the information above and share with third parties pursuant to Zelle®’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use .
Information menu
Contact Us
Partners
Press
Legal
Your Privacy Rights
Security
Social Menu
©2023 Early Warning Services, LLC. All rights reserved. Zelle and the Zelle marks used herein are trademarks of Early Warning Services, LLC. Other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
By clicking “Accept Cookies,” you agree to our use of cookies to customize your experience on our website and to analyze and improve site usage. To change your cookie preferences, click on
“Customize Settings.”
Privacy Policy
Customize Settings
Accept Cookies Cookie Preference Center Your Privacy Your Privacy Like many companies, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for a variety of purposes, including to enhance your online experience and to make the site work as you expect it to.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the different category headings to find out more and change your cookie preferences.
Please note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on the site and the services we are able to offer you.
More information Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active
Strictly Necessary Cookies These are cookies which are needed to provide services and features you have specifically requested. We may use cookies and tracking technologies required to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security, and/or for system administration.
We are not required to obtain your consent to cookies that are strictly necessary. Cookies Details‎ Analytics and Performance Related Cookies Analytics and Performance Related Cookies
Analytics and Performance Related Cookies We may use cookies to assess the performance of our Site, including as part of our analytic practices to improve the services offered through the Site. These cookies may be used to prevent fraudulent activity and improve security. Cookies Details‎ Functionality Related Cookies Functionality Related Cookies
Functionality Related Cookies We may use cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Site before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify the features in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies Details‎ Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data
Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. Targeting-related cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using the above toggle switch and saving your settings. If you opt out, we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not share your personal information with any third parties for targeted advertising. If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we accept that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we will not be able to track your activity through the web, which may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.
Cookies and Tracking Technology Policy Targeting Related Cookies
Targeting Cookies We may use cookies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our Site and third-party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content. We have set out further information about the use of cookies by our Ad Network partners below. Cookies Details‎ Back Button Advertising Cookies
Filter Button Consent
Leg.Interest
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
Select All Hosts Select All
REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID View Third Party Cookies Name cookie name Clear Filters
Information storage and access Apply Save Customization
Allow All Cookies