Privacy policy - TechXY
Since your privacy is important to us, we created this Privacy Policy to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Application com.boustan.alkotob
Information Collection and Use
We collect and use your information below to provide, understand and improve our Services, Sites and Apps.
Account information: when registering and setting up an account, you need to provide an email address, first name, last name, password, place of residence, etc. Some data is posted publicly and is used by us and other users to contact you.
Additional Information: if you email us, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your request.
Cookies or Web Site Tracking Technologies: during your visit to our website, so-called "cookies" are saved to your computer. These "cookies" register information about the navigation of your computer on our website (loaded pages, date, time of day and length of visit etc.) which we can use to improve our site and service.
We never store passwords or similarly sensitive data in cookies. The use of cookies is common and advantageous. Cookies are used on most larger websites. By indicating how and when visitors use a website, cookies aid us in finding out which areas are popular and which areas are not. Many improvements and updates are based on information supplied by cookies. Cookies can also help us to personalize web content and meet the desires of our visitors.
We use Google Analytics (https://www.google.com/analytics) to track our website traffic. It is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.
Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your time spent at our sites, and to gather broad demographic information. This allows us to see which parts of our sites users are visiting. We do not use this information for any other purposes.
You have the option to control the acceptance of cookies yourself and, if you wish, to block them entirely by configuring your browser as follows:
If you use Google Chrome, go to 'Settings' and click 'Show advanced Settings'. Open 'Content Settings' in 'Privacy' part. You can restrict usage of cookies for all websites or selectively. You can also use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/?hl=en.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Contact form: https://boustanalkotob.site/support