Huda soft - ሹሩጡ ሶላት ደርስ privacy policy Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Huda soft Home ሹሩጡ ሶላት ደርስ privacy policy Ethio New Curriculum App privacy policy Huda soft Home ሹሩጡ ሶላት ደርስ privacy policy Ethio New Curriculum App privacy policy More Home ሹሩጡ ሶላት ደርስ privacy policy Ethio New Curriculum App privacy policy
ሹሩጡ ሶላት ደርስ
Privacy Policy Last Updated: November 02, 2022 This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the ሹሩጡ ሶላት ደርስ App and tells You about your privacy rights. When you use our app, you trust us with your information. We are take your privacy seriously. Please take time to read it carefully. Collection of Personal Data This ሹሩጡሶላትደርስ App does not collect any personal data related with Location, Financial info, Health and fitness, Messages, Photos and videos, Audio files, Files and docs, Calendar, Contacts, App activity, Web browsing, App info and performance, Device or other IDs. However, the ሹሩጡ ሶላት ደርስ
App using Google Firebase Analytics (Google’s product) to collect information, such as: device model, operating system, version app and what the app features often opened. We collect this information in order to help us understand users’ experience in this app, so that we can release a better version in the next update. It also uses and Google Firebase Crashlytics
to track and get detailed insight of App crashes to help us fix and resolve them quickly. We do not have any access to any info that can identify users through the aforementioned Google products. If you send us a feedback email we automatically receive your E-mail Address. Using that feature we also do receive your device model, operating system and App version you are using. Usage of Personal Data Since the ሹሩጡ ሶላት ደርስ App does not collect any personal data related with Location, Financial info, Health and fitness, Messages, Photos and videos, Audio files, Files and docs, Calendar, Contacts, App activity, Web browsing, App info and performance, Device or other IDs, we cannot use any of the above mentioned personal data. Whatever data is collected through Analytics and Crashlytics is only used for the improvement of the App and to fix bugs. We use device model info, operating system and App version info
to help us understand user experience in the App, to debug any user reported bugs and to fix release more better App in the next update. Whenever you send us feedback email, we do not use any email address acquired by us for any purposes other than replying your queries and feedbacks. If you do not fill comfortable with sharing device model info, operating system and App version with us whenever you send a feedback email, please delete the infos which are automatically generated at the top of the email compose screen. Retention of Personal Data We retain your feedback email and related info as long as is necessary for internal analysis purposes set out above. Transfer of Personal Data We do not transfer any of your feedback email address, message or device related info with any other third party. However, please note that whenever you send us a feedback email, your information is transferred to us using the Email providers (Gmail , Yahoo, Outlook etc.) server computers which we have no control. Disclosure of Personal Data We do not disclose any personal info acquired with anyone.
We take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your feedback data is treated securely and is not shared with any other party. Changes to our Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This privacy policy was last updated in
November
02 , 2022 Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or anything related with data safety, you can contact us
by email – hudasofts@gmail.com Copyright © 2022 HUDA SOFT Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse