Privacy Policy Google Play | Premier Bank
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Rev. March 2023 FACTS What does Premier Bank do with your personal information? Why? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. What? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include: Social Security number Account balances Payment history Transaction history Purchase history   Account transactions How? All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Premier Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information Does Premier Bank share? Can you limit this sharing? For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus Yes No For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you Yes No For joint marketing with other financial companies - information about your transactions and experiences Yes No For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences Yes No For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness No We don't share For our affiliates to market to you Yes Yes For our non-affiliates to market to you No We don't share
To limit our sharing Call Toll-free 877-367-8178, Option 0 - or visit one of our branches Please note: If you are a
new  customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are
no longer  our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing. Questions? Call toll-free 877-367-8178, Option 0
Who we are Who is providing this notice? Premier Bank
What we do How does Premier Bank protect my personal information? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for whom access is appropriate. How does Premier Bank collect my personal information? We collect your personal information, for example, when you: Open an account Seek advice about your investments Apply for financing Give us your contact information Provide your mortgage information We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. Why can't I limit all sharing? Federal law gives you the right to limit only: sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes -- information about your creditworthiness affiliates from using your information to market to you sharing for non-affiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law. What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else? Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Our affiliates include: Financial companies such as: Premier Financial Corp., First Insurance Group of the Midwest, Inc., PFC Capital, LLC, and PFC Risk Management, Inc. Non-affiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Premier Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you. Joint marketing A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. Our joint marketing partners include credit card issuers and financial service companies.
Other Important Information For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Customers. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization. For California Customers. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us. For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Customers. We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization
Careers
About Us
Website Terms & Conditions
USA Patriot Act
Website Accessibility
Privacy Matters