myRutgers Portal | Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Rutgers University is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information of users and visitors to the my.rutgers.edu Rutgers collects certain kinds of data from users and visitors as they browse the site for general site analytics. This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for my.rutgers.edu.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared, what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data, the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Updates to This Privacy Notice
We may make changes or additions to this policy at any time and will post the changes on this web page.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about changes to this privacy policy.
This website contains content from and links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies
During your use of this website, you may be assigned a "cookie" to more accurately track your browsing behavior and activity. Cookies are small text-based data files that are stored on your computer's hard drive and used to collect details about each visit you make to the site. We use cookies to track site usage and behavior for the purpose of delivering more personalized, relevant web experiences to our visitors. Many browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can adjust your browser settings to disable cookies, which may impact your access/usage of certain parts of the site.
Use of third party services
Use of Google Resources
Google's Privacy Policy
Google Safety Center
Passwords and Google Apps system
When you log in to your Rutgers Google account via the Web or mobile device, you log in using Rutgers's Central Authentication Service (CAS) with your Rutgers NetID. That service will then pass on assurance of your identity and authorization to Google without passing on your password.
University Policy and Google Apps
Under the terms of Rutgers's agreement with Google, Rutgers continues to own its own data, so consequently its security and privacy policies continue to apply for members of the Rutgers campus community using Google Apps.
Use of Google APIs
Rutgers applications use Google APIs to provide email preview widget for our users' dashboard experience.
Disclosure of information
Only staff who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Other than sharing your information with appropriate university personnel and units to ensure the quality, functionality, and security of our website, or to manage your relationship with us, we will not disclose personally identifiable information about your use of the site except under the following circumstances:
With your prior written (including email) consent;
When we have given you clear notice that we will disclose information that you voluntarily provide;
With appropriate external parties, such as for regulatory compliance or law enforcement agencies, in order to investigate and respond to suspected violations of law or university policy. Any such disclosures shall comply with all applicable laws and university policies.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy notices, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact the Webmaster.
© 2023
Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey. All rights reserved.
About myRutgers
|
Privacy Policy
|
Rutgers Home
Powered by uPortal 3.2.4
Silk icon set 1.3
courtesy of Mark James.