Ultimate Irish
materialicons-sharp-806
materialicons-sharp-2415
materialicons-sharp-2164
Home
materialicons-sharp-1352
Shop
materialicons-sharp-1894
Account Privacy Policy Ultimate Irish (further referred to as  "company") is committed to protecting individual privacy and securing the personal information made available to us when you visit. This privacy policy describes what information is made available to our company and how that information is used and retained and provides information on: Information we receive (when you provide it, visit our website, receive email…) How this information is used Sharing of this information Data retention Third-party tools and sites Children and privacy security If you have any question or suggestion for its improvement, please let us know at info@ultimateirish.com   Information you give us You do not have to provide our company with any personal information or create a user account to access information on our website and/or application. However for some services we may need personal information from you such as:  Personal identification information (name, physical address, email address, phone number…) User-generated content (photo and/or video...) Also when you visit our website the following information is automatically received and stored by servers: IP address Third-party websites Our company’s website and/or application might contain links to other websites, our privacy policy applies only to our website so if you click on another website you must read their privacy policy.   How information is used If you choose to provide us with information we may use that information to contact you, respond to your message or provide information or services you requested. We use data you provide and automatically generated data for statistical analysis to assess what information is of interest to users and system performance. This allows us to make general improvements to our site. We may also use your information in order to detect, prevent and respond to security issues and harmful activities on our website and/or application. Any user-generated content submitted including photo and/or video may be used in any way for the welfare of the business including but not limited to sharing and the promotion of the company.   Sharing of this information Information you choose to share with our company may be treated as public information. Our company uses a third-party analytics provider (such as Google Analytics) to analyze data from cookies. The third-party analytics provider does not receive personally identifiable information through these cookies. We have also limited the provider’s ability to see your full IP address. Within our company we restrict access to personally identifiable information to employees, contractors and vendors subject to non-disclosure requirements who require access to this information in order to perform their official duties and exercise controls to limit what data they can view based on the specific needs of their position. We do not use or share your information for commercial purposes and except as described above, we do not exchange or otherwise disclose this information.   Link to external websites and third-party Our website may link to other websites created and maintained by other private and/or public organizations and individuals. When you follow a link to an external site you are leaving our website and are subject to external site’s privacy and security policies. Our company does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness or completeness of information contained on an external site.   Security Our company takes reasonable precautions to protect our site and information. For example we restrict access to personally identifiable information to employees, contractors and vendors subject to non-disclosure requirements. Our company also uses commonly used practices and technical controls to protect the information in our possession or control. These practices and controls include, but are not limited to, encrypting the transfer of personal information over the internet, using firewalls and intrusion detection systems and maintaining strict technical controls and procédures to ensure data integrity. We periodically review our processes and systems to verify compliance with industry best practices and to ensure the highest level of security for our website.   Updates to this privacy policy Our company will revise or update this policy from time to time, if we make significant changes to how we handle personal information we will post changes to the policy on our site and change the date at the end. Updated on: 03/09/2023     Cookie Policy and other similar tracking technologies When you visit NB we may send cookies or other similar tracking technologies to your computer or to any other device you use. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track user’s preferences and to know how he uses our services. A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. For further information visit  allaboutcookies.org Cookies are used for user identification and proper assignment of historical user data collected during previous visits. Both temporary cookie files (session cookies) and persistent cookies are used. Users may delete or remove cookies for the browser at any time or block cookies from being installed on its device. However this may affect the operation of our services or even result in its blocking. As described above, we use your personal information and data to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For example  We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ . You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . We use a Facebook pixel on our website. Using the pixel, Facebook collects information about the users and use of our website. The information is used to personalize Facebook advertisements and to analyze the use of our website. To find out more about the Facebook pixel and about Facebook's use of personal data generally, see the Facebook cookie policy at  https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/  and the Facebook privacy policy at  https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy . The Facebook cookie policy includes information about controlling Facebook's use of cookies to show you advertisements. If you are a registered Facebook user, you can adjust how advertisements are targeted by following the instructions at  https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217 . We publish Google AdSense advertisements on our website, together with advertisements from the following advertisers and advertising networks that are distributed by Google: ( identify and provide links to advertisers and networks) . The advertisements may be personalized to reflect your interests. To help determine your interests Google and its partners use cookies. The cookies are used to track your previous visits to our website and your visits to other websites. You can opt out of Google's personalized advertising by visiting  https://www.google.com/settings/ads  and you can opt out of third party cookies used for personalized advertising by visiting  http://www.aboutads.info . You can review Google's privacy policy at  https://policies.google.com/privacy . For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at  https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work . You can opt out of targeted advertising by: FACEBOOK -  https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads GOOGLE -  https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  https://optout.aboutads.info/ . We can use different type of cookie or tracking technologies while you are visiting our website and/or application: Strictly necessary cookies: These types of cookies enable you to access and browse websites and use their features. Without these cookies, services like billing or shopping baskets cannot work properly. Performance cookies: these cookies collect information and data about how you use our websites and/or application. The data collected can be used to optimize our websites and/or applications. These cookies are used to know where our visitors and users are coming from. These cookies do not collect information that identifies you personally. Functionality cookies: these cookies allow our website or application to remember your choices. They can be used to memorize your localisation, or your preferences such as language settings or font size. How to manage cookies? You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above website and/or application tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However some of our websites and/or applications might not work properly without the use of cookies. Here are some of the main explanation on how to delete cookies on your browser:  https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647  (Chrome);  https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences  (Firefox);  https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/  (Opera);  https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies  (Internet Explorer);  https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac  (Safari); and  https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy  (Edge). For mobile devices, if you don’t want to receive targeted advertising based on your center of interest coming from a mobile application, please check the parameters of the operating system of your mobile device and follow these instructions: 1) iOS Users: to enable “Limited Ad Tracking” follow the instructions given by Apple. 2) Android Users: to enable the option “deactivate ad personalisation”, follow the instructions given by Google on Google Play. 3) You might want to download  the DAA mobile AppChoices application  to control behavioral advertising online.