Homevision Privacy Policy - Framey
Skip to main content
Close Search
search
Menu
Blog
Contact
Homevision Privacy Policy
Homevision FAQ
Homevision Terms
search
Home
»
Homevision Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Homevision
Last Updated:
October 11, 2023
1. Introduction
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Homevision (“Company”, “we”, “us”, “our”). Protecting your personal information is of utmost importance to us. This Privacy Policy governs your use of Homevision and describes the personal information we collect, how it is used, and your data protection rights.
2. What Information We Collect
Personal Data:
Including, but not limited to, name, email address, and profile picture.
Usage Data:
Data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the app or from the app infrastructure itself (for example, duration of a page visit).
Cookies Data:
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our app.
3. How We Use Your Data
We use the collected data for various purposes, such as:
To maintain and service the app.
To notify you about changes to our app.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our app when you choose to do so.
To provide customer support.
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the app.
4. Retention of Data
We will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
5. Transfer of Data
Your information, including personal data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction.
6. Disclosure of Data
We may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary.
7. Security of Data
We value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
8. Your Data Protection Rights
You are entitled to the following rights:
The right to access:
You have the right to request copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification:
You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
The right to erasure:
You have the right to request that we erase your personal data.
9. Children’s Privacy
Our app does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
10. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Email: homevision@framey.io
Copyright © 2023
Framey Technologies Limited
Contact Us
hi@framey.io
Instagram
Facebook
Google Play
App Store
Transform dream photos into memorable trips
Close Menu
Blog
Contact
Homevision Privacy Policy
Homevision FAQ
Homevision Terms