Privacy Policy | Stable Money About us Calculators Press & Media Newsletter Newsletter Blogs Last Update: January 27, 2023 Privacy Policy General This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. This privacy policy document ("Privacy Policy") is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 4 (1) of the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 which requires the publishing of a privacy policy for handling of or dealing in personal information including sensitive personal data or information. Thank you for visiting stablemoney.in and/or the Stable Money mobile application (collectively referred to as the "Platform"). Stable Money is registered as Stable-Alpha Technologies Private Limited, a company within the meaning of the Companies Act, 2013 (CIN: U74999KA2022PTC167343) having Registered Office at Alpine A103, Salarpuria Greenage, Hosur Road, Bommanahalli, Bangalore KA 560068 (hereinafter collectively be referred to as "the Company" or "Stable-Alpha"). (hereinafter, referred to as "we", "us", "our" and "Stable Money"). We are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of every person who shares information with it or whose information it receives. This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to the collection, receipt, storage, usage, processing, disclosure, transfer and protection ("Utilization") of your Personal Information (defined below) when the user of the platform ("User" or "you") uses our platform or avails any services offered by Stable Money through the platform. The capitalized terms that are used but not defined in this Privacy Policy will have the same meaning as in our Terms and Conditions. By using the services or by otherwise giving us your information, you will be deemed to have read, understood and agreed to the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy and agree to be bound by the privacy policy. You hereby consent to our collection, use and sharing, disclosure of your information as described in this privacy policy. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or delete portions of the terms of this privacy policy, at our sole discretion, at any time. If you do not agree with this privacy policy at any time, do not use any of the services or give us any of your information. If you use the services on behalf of someone else (such as your child) or an entity (such as your employer), you represent that you are authorised by such individual or entity to (I) Accept this privacy policy on such individual’s or entity’s behalf, and (II) consent on behalf of such individual or entity to our collection, use and disclosure of such individual’s or entity’s information as described in this privacy policy. Consent You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is a part of the User Terms of the platform and the other services, by accessing the platform or by otherwise providing Us with your Personal Information or by making use of the services provided by the platform, You unconditionally signify Your (i) assent to the Privacy Policy, and (ii) consent to the Utilisation of your Personal Information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that you are over 18 years of age and are providing your Personal Information out of your free will. You have the option not to provide us the Personal Information sought to be collected. You will also have an option to withdraw your consent at any point, provided such withdrawal of the consent is intimated to us in writing at  support@stablemoney.in . If you do not provide us your Personal Information or if you withdraw the consent to provide us with your Personal Information at any point in time, please note that your withdrawal of consent, may result in Stable Money being unable to provide you with its services or to terminate any existing relationship Stable Money may have with you. Our platform is accessible to children under the age of 18. Stable Money strongly encourages parents and guardians to supervise the online activities of their minor children and consider using parental control tools. These tools also can prevent minors from disclosing their name, address, and other personally identifiable information online without parental permission. Although the platform and services are not intended for use by minors, Stable Money respects the privacy of minors who may inadvertently use the platform. We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children (without the consent of their parents/guardians). Please contact us at  support@stablemoney.in , if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected Personal Information from a child, and we will delete that information as soon as possible. Grievance Redressal Stable Money provides multiple channels for you to request for support or to communicate any grievances you may have: · By sending an email to  support@stablemoney.in  or  complaints@stablemoney.in Any of your queries & requests shall be responded to within 14 (Fourteen) working days of receipt. Resolution, appropriate and to your satisfaction shall be provided as soon as possible depending upon the nature of the request. If you are not satisfied by the resolution provided, you may escalate your grievance to the grievance officer through email or in writing, whose details are mentioned below: Name:- Pranav Iyer Email:  compliance@stablemoney.in  or  complaints@stablemoney.in Address: Alpine A103, Salarpuria Greenage, Hosur Road, Bommanahalli, Bangalore KA 560068 We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint:- Identification of the information provided by you. Clear statement as to whether the information is personal information or sensitive personal information. Your address, registered telephone number or e-mail address. A statement that you have a good-faith belief that use of the information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed without authorization, as the case may be. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice is accurate, and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed. Stable Money may reach out to you to confirm or discuss certain details about your complaint and issues raised. Stable Money shall not be responsible for any communication, if addressed, to any non-designated person in this regard. You may also contact us in case you have any questions / suggestions about the Privacy Policy using the contact information mentioned above. The Grievance Officer is identified above pursuant to the provisions of applicable laws including but not limited to the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Consumer Protection Act, 2019, and the rules enacted under those laws. Personal information collected In order to provide services to you we might require you to voluntarily provide us certain information that personally identifies you. You hereby consent to the collection of such information by Stable Money. The information that we may collect from you, or about you, may include but are not limited to, the following: Name of the User; Birth date/age; Gender; Address (including country and pin/postal code); Financial (Income, Trading Experience, Bank Account details) and KYC information (such as Photograph, passport, PAN, driving license, proof of possession of Aadhaar number, Voter's Identity Card issued by the Election Commission of India, job card issued by NREGA duly signed by an officer of the State Government, or letter issued by the National Population Register containing details of name and address); Email address; (We encourage you to review the information prior to giving Your consent for integration of the email addresses with the account on the Platform. You may at any time opt to de-link Your email addresses connected with the account opened on the Platform, by managing these connections with the options provided on the Platform. For example, Google Mail’s permission settings are located at:  https://myaccount.google.com/permissions . A user can de-link the access to their email accounts any time they wish. Stable Money’s use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to  Google API Services User Data Policy , including the Limited Use requirements. Demat Account Details Phone number/mobile number Records of interaction with Stable Money’s representatives; Your usage details such as time, frequency, duration and pattern of use, features used and the amount of storage used; Internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, referring URL, files accessed, errors generated, time zone, operating system and other visitor details collected in Our log files, the pages of our platform that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics ("Log Data"); and Any other information that is willingly shared by you. (collectively referred to as "Personal Information"). How we collect personal information ? The methods by which We collect your Personal Information include but are not limited to the following: When you access our platform or use any features of our platform; When you provide your Personal Information to us; During the course of services provided to you by us; Through your computer/device, once you have granted permissions to our platform; Through Stable Money’s representatives; Through use of cookies (also discussed below); or We collect information that your browser/app sends whenever you visit our platform, such as the Log Data. In addition, we may use third party services to collect, monitor and analyse such Log Data. This information is kept completely secure. Use of personal information We recognise and acknowledge the value and importance of the protection of your Personal Information and ensure that the same will be used for the intended purpose(s). By virtue of this Privacy Policy, We will collect/receive/share/process/use/store your Personal Information in accordance with applicable laws to provide you with the services, enhance the user experience, manage our relationship with You, build user insights, analyse data for the introduction of new services and features, and as may be required to comply with any regulatory requirements and contractual obligations, which may
inter alia
include: To provide effective services; To resolve any customer support related issues; To operate and improve the platform; To perform research and analysis for our understanding, information, analysis, services and technologies in order to provide all users improved quality of care; and ensuring that the content and advertising displayed are customized to your interests and preferences; To contact you via phone, whatsapp, SMS or email for appointments, technical issues, payment reminders, obtaining feedback and other security announcements; To send promotional and marketing emails from us or any of our channel partners via WhatsApp, SMS, email or third-party communication services such as gupshup, Facebook etc.; To advertise products and services of Stable Money and third parties; To transfer information about you, if we are merged with another company; To share with our business partners for provision of specific services you have ordered so as to enable them to provide effective services to you; To administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with Us; For purposes of KYC verification; To build your profile/user account on the platform; To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Use, breach of our agreement with You or as otherwise required by law. (collectively referred to as "Purpose(s)"). Sharing and transferring of personal information Your Personal Information may be used for various purposes including but not limited to the following: We may disclose Personal Information about you to our representatives and other third parties to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information to third parties in an anonymous or aggregate form, to understand customer trends and patterns and manage and improve our business relationships. We provide your Personal Information to our business partners, representatives and third party processors to administer and process for the purposes notified to you in this Privacy Policy, and we may also share such details with third parties (such as auditors or legal advisors) to obtain professional advice. Any such processing will be governed by an agreement in the form required by law, preserving any and all of your statutory data protection rights. You authorize us to exchange, transfer, share, part with all or any of your Personal Information, across borders and from Your country to any other countries across the world with our affiliates/agents/third party service providers/partners/banks and financial institutions for the Purposes specified under this Privacy Policy or as may be required by applicable law. You hereby consent and authorize us to publish feedback obtained by you on our platform. User's financial information are transacted upon secure platforms of approved payment gateways which are digitally under encryption, thereby providing the highest possible degree of care as per current technology. However, User is advised to exercise discretion while saving the payment details. You acknowledge that Stable Money may be obligated by law to disclose or transfer your Personal Information with Courts and Government agencies in certain instances such as for verification of identity, or for prevention, detection, investigation, prosecution, and punishment for offences, or in compliance with laws. You hereby consent to disclosure or transfer of your Personal Information in these instances. Notwithstanding the above, we are not responsible for the confidentiality, security or distribution of Your Personal Information by third-parties outside the scope of our agreement with such third-parties. Further, We will not be responsible for any breach of security or for any actions/omissions of any third-parties or events that are beyond the reasonable control of us including but not limited to, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, poor quality of Internet service or telephone service of the User etc. We may share your Personal Information with our other corporate and/or associate entities and affiliates to (i) help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts and cyber security incidents, and (ii) help and detect co-related/related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services. Your KYC will be shared with our partners, associate, subsidiaries or group company for purpose of verification and transfer of units. By agreeing to terms and condition you are hereby authorizing Stable-Alpha Technologies Private Limited to share the KYC details. Use of cookies We, our third party service providers and our partners may send "cookies" to your computer or use similar technologies to enhance your online experience at our platform. "Cookies" are files that can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as product preferences to tells us which platform pages you have visited and in what order. We use cookies and other technical information to personalise your visit to the platform, to analyse traffic on the platform and to track user trends, patterns and selections for authorised download and for technical reasons connected with your use of our platform. Cookies can either be permanent (i.e. they remain on Your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e. they last only until you close your browser). We may store both temporary or permanent ‘cookies’ on Your computer/device to store certain data (that is not sensitive Personal Information). You can erase or choose to block these cookies from your computer. You can configure your computer’s browser to alert you when we attempt to send you a cookie with an option to accept or refuse the cookie. If you have turned cookies off, you may be prevented from using certain features of the platform. You are always free to decline our cookies if your device permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the platform. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. Security The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We have adopted reasonable security practices and procedures including role-based access, secure communication, password protection, encryption, etc. to ensure that the Personal Information collected is secure. We restrict access to your Personal Information to us and our affiliates’ employees, agents, third party service providers, partners, and agencies who need to know such Personal Information in relation to the Purposes as specified above in this Privacy Policy, provided that such entities agree to abide by this Privacy Policy. We have also implemented information security practices and standards and have in place information security programmes and policies containing managerial, technical, operational and physical security measures that are in compliance with the applicable laws including, so as to protect the information provided to us from unauthorized access, use, modification, damage, disclosure or impairment. Further, We may from time to time use reasonable additional or alternative procedures to ensure the security and confidentiality of Your Personal Information through our Investment Platform. While we will endeavour to take all reasonable and appropriate steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you and prevent unauthorized access, you acknowledge that the internet is not 100% secure. No data transmission over the internet is fully secure, so we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you submit to us. Further, we do not guarantee in any way, the security of any information that you transmit or share on the platform; and you do so at your own risk. If you think that the security of your account has been compromised, change your password and contact us immediately. Third party links During your interactions with us, it may happen that we provide/include links and hyperlinks of third-party web platforms not owned or managed by us ("Third-party platforms"). It may also happen that you or other Users may include links and hyperlinks of third-party platforms. The listing of such third-party web platforms (by you, other Users or by Us) does not imply endorsement of such third-party web platforms by Stable Money. Such third-party web platforms are governed by their own terms and conditions and when you access such Third-party platforms, you will be governed by the terms of such third-party web platforms. You must use your own discretion while accessing or using third-party web platforms. We do not make any representations regarding the availability and performance of any of the third-party web platforms. We are not responsible for the content, terms of use, privacy policies and practices of such third-party web platforms. We do not bear any liability arising out of your use of third-party web platforms. Access If you need to update your Personal Information or have any grievance with respect to the processing or use of your Personal Information, or request that we no longer use your Personal Information to provide you services, or opt-out of receiving communications such as promotional and marketing-related information regarding the services, for any reason, You may send Us an email at  support@stablemoney.in   and we will take all reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes within a reasonable period of time. Compliance with law The contents of this Privacy Policy are governed by the laws of India. You are not allowed to use the services of the platform if any of the terms of this Privacy Policy are not in accordance with the applicable laws of your country. Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content. When you upload, submit, store, publish, send or receive content to or through our Services, you provide us with your consent to utilise such content, including for our marketing purposes, subject to our Privacy Policy. Such content must not: Be harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful or racially or ethnically objectionable, disparaging, and relating to, or encouraging money laundering or gambling. Harm minors in any way. Infringe any patent, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights. Deceive or mislead the reader about the origin of such messages or communicate any information that is grossly offensive or menacing in nature. Contain software viruses or any other programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of another computer or mobile device. Threaten the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order. Cause the incitement to commit any offence or prevent the investigation of any offence. Be insulting to any other nation. Impersonate another person. Violate the provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules and regulations thereunder or any other applicable laws. Term of storage of personal information Stable Money may keep records of communications, including phone calls received and made for making enquiries, orders, feedback or other purposes for rendering services effectively and efficiently. Stable Money will be the exclusive owner of such data and records. However, all records are regarded as confidential. Therefore, will not be divulged to any third party, unless required by law. Stable Money will store your Personal Information at least for a reasonable time from the last date of use of the services, platform or for such period as may be required by law. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of account registration. If your personal information changes, you may correct, delete inaccuracies, or amend information by making the change on our member information page or by contacting us through support@stablemoney.in . We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, out of date or incomplete (or becomes untrue, inaccurate, out of date or incomplete), or Stable Money has reasonable grounds to suspect that the information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, out of date or incomplete, Stable Money may, at its sole discretion, discontinue the provision of the services to you. There may be circumstances where Stable Money will not correct, delete or update your Personal Information, including (a) where the Personal Information is opinion data that is kept solely for evaluative purpose; and (b) the Personal Information is in documents related to a prosecution if all proceedings relating to the prosecution have not been completed. Changes to the privacy policy We reserve the right to update (change, modify, add and/or delete) the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, at our sole discretion, to reflect company initiatives, changes in the law or technology or changes in our practices regarding the collection and use of Personal Information. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will intimate you of the amendments on your email address registered with us or on the platform. If you do not agree to the amendments, please do not use the platform or services any further. By continuing to use the platform, you will be deemed to have consented to the latest version of the Privacy Policy.