Privacy Policy
Solutions Stay in touch Communications Harness phone, text, chat, video, VoIP, and more in one platform eSign & Faxing Secure and convenient paperless agreements Phone The industry leading phone system for agents and brokers Advanced Phone Enterprise-level solutions for large agents & Brokers Phone The industry leading phone system for agents and brokers Advanced Phone Enterprise-level solutions for large agents & Brokers keep track Compliance Combine disparate communication channels into one, easy-to-use software Reporting Quick, actionable insights to maximize your agency communications grow your book Marketing Automation World-class marketing tools, without the hassle or tech savvy necessary Retention & Onboarding Modernize agent-customer relations and boost your renewal rate Platform Integrations
Resources Learn About Learn about what drives us and how we started News & Updates See the latest software updates & features Pricing Guide Get a detailed breakdown of how we compare to the other guys FAQ's Explore our frequently asked questions Connect Request a Demo See Bridge in action with a 1:1 demo Calculate ROI Compare your current costs to see how much you could save Contact Us Reach out for general questions and info Get a Quote See how easy it is to get started Software Downloads Download your dekstop softphone software here Support Get help from the Bridge team Latest Update Bridge v4 (DAVE) and Bridge v2/v3 CRM Update 3/13/2023 This release includes changes to Bridge v4 (DAVE) and Bridge v3 & v2 CRMs See Post Pricing Log in Support Support Log In Pricing Demo Privacy Policy Last updated March 2023 Protecting your private information is our priority and we intend to comply with all existing and future applicable laws that protect the privacy of our customers. This Statement of Privacy applies to The Redcliffe Group, LLC and governs data collection and usage.  The Redcliffe Group, operating through its divisions such as BridgeSM, bridge.insureSM, DaveSM, and BlueDaveSM, provides business services to customers who may collect data from customers; the privacy statements used by those customers apply to customers who have consented to such use. Please notify us as provided below of any circumstances that require our attention.   Table of Contents Introduction Personal Information Collected How Personal Information Is Used How Personal Information Is Shared How Personal Information Is Secured End User Rights Retention of Personal Information Other Important Information How to select communications preferences Contact Information Appendix For Individuals Based in California Minors Under Age 16 1. What information do we collect? The Redcliffe Group is a technology company headquartered in Lilburn, Georgia focusing on providing marketing communication services for insurance agents. This Privacy Statement is applicable to The Redcliffe Group as related to the services provided, which collectively include: the use of bridge.insure (“website”) the use of the application websites your.bridge.insure, crm.bridge.insure, my.bridge.insure (“application”)
social media messages and marketing campaigns and
the use of the organization's products and services.
This Privacy Statement sets out the essential details relating to the customer's personal data relationships with The Redcliffe Group as: A website visitor An end user of the application (“end user”) A prospective client A job applicant and Partners Customers contract the use of application and give access to their employees and other third parties, as solely decided by them, by creating users who access the application with their email address and credentials. The customer’s administrators grant end users roles, which result in different permissions and access rights to the information held in the Client account. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to The Redcliffe Group include its affiliates and divisions and does not include the privacy statements of those customers with respect to the information maintained by them for their customers (“end-users”) . 2. Personal Information Collected 2.1 Information Provided to The Redcliffe Group The organization may ask for personal information when: Requesting a free trial or demo. Referring a friend. Connecting directly via phone calls or video conferencing platforms. The organization or Client Account Administrators grant access to the application. Customers or Client Account Administrators upload or enter personal information into the application. Participating in a marketing/sales promotion. Attending trade events and other industry networking events. Registering or attending a webinar or other event. Participating in chats. Paying for services. The Redcliffe Group collects personal information that may include first and last name, email address, phone number, address, and company name for customers and their employees or clients. The Redcliffe Group collects comments made in the application via text messaging, chat, and phone calls recorded by the customer. In addition, The Redcliffe Group may collect data uploaded by customers, their employer, or other users of the application that may be required to use The Redcliffe Group services. We expect all users to follow their organization’s privacy policy and any applicable regulatory requirements when uploading, accessing and using personal information into the application. The data uploaded may include personal information like:
Employee names, email addresses, and contractual agreements Vendor names, email addresses, contractual agreements or other personal data necessary for The Redcliffe Group services Customer names and email addresses used to provide services within The Redcliffe Group’s platform 2.2 Information Collected Automatically Information is collected about visits to the website and the application when landing on any of the web pages through cookies and similar tracking technology.
The information collected includes: access times pages viewed the links clicked on
search terms entered actions taken in connection with any of the visited pages device information such as IP address, location, browser type and language the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that referred to the website and
the URL browsed away from if an external link is clicked Information may also be collected when opening email messages from the organization or clicking on links within those email messages.   2.3 Information Collected From Third Parties The information collected from direct interactions with The Redcliffe Group may be combined with information obtained through other third-party sources. The Redcliffe Group also obtains lists from third parties about individuals and companies interested in its products. The personal information collected includes name, email address, business address, job title, company name, and telephone number.  Information collected by customers using our website with respect to end users is subject to the privacy statements of those customers.
3. How Personal Information Is Used Personal information is used to: Deliver the contracted services and allow full use of the application functionality as purchased by the customers. Deliver training and support to the application end users or carry out the transactions requested by end users. Communicate with customers directly through emails, calls, chats, or video conferencing.
Process payments for application subscriptions. Send communications to customers about: New application features and upgrades. Services and offerings.
Event announcements.
Product notices and changes to terms and policies. Particular programs in which the customer has chosen to participate.
Promotional offers and surveys. Scheduling demos and managing free trials. Notifications for product features, such as voicemail, text messages, or chats. Advertise and market products and services, including delivering interest-based advertisements on this website and other sites or content syndication platforms and websites. Carry out market research to understand how to improve services and their delivery. Create and manage marketing campaigns. Generate sales leads and increase market share. Analyze user clicks and usage of the application and website to improve user experience and maximize usage of services. Manage website and application to maintain and deliver the contracted functionality and services. Enforce website and application terms of service or separate contracts (if applicable). Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities. Protect the security or integrity of the website, application, business, or services. Or otherwise, as disclosed at the point of collection or as required or permitted by law. ‍ If you choose to provide The Redcliffe Group with Information of a third party (such as name, email, and phone number), you represent that you have the third party's permission to do so.  Third parties may unsubscribe from any future communications from The Redcliffe Group by following the link provided in the initial message or by submitting a Privacy Request. The Redcliffe Group does not sell personal information to any third party. However, in some instances, third parties we engage may automatically collect data through cookies, web logs, web beacons, and other similar applications.  Please read the Use of cookies and similar technologies section below for more information. ‍ 4. How Personal Information Is Shared Application and Services End user's personal information may be viewed by other users from their organization with access to the application. Service Providers Third parties are contracted to help provide services. They will have access to information as collected by the website or the application as reasonably necessary to perform the contracted tasks on behalf of The Redcliffe Group. Contractual agreements obligate third parties to protect the personal information, to use it only to deliver the contracted services,  to prohibit them from selling it, and not to disclose it without knowledge and permission from The Redcliffe Group. Legal Disclosures It is possible that disclosure of personal information may occur when required by law, subpoena or other legal processes as identified in the applicable legislation.
Clients will be notified about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in the judgment of The Redcliffe Group unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. Change in Control Personal data may be shared as part of a sale, merger, change in control or in preparation for any of these events.
Any other entity which buys The Redcliffe Group or part of its business will have the right to continue to use user data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Statement unless another agreement with the customer or end-user supersedes. 5. How Personal Information is Secured The Redcliffe Group is committed to protecting the security of all of the personal information collected and used.
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with applicable law.  The Redcliffe Group uses a variety of physical, administrative and technical safeguards designed to help protect it from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. Best-practice standards and controls in compliance are implemented with internationally recognized security frameworks.  We use encryption technologies to protect data at rest and in transit. 6. End User Rights To the extent with the control of The Redcliffe Group, the following rights are offered to all individuals regardless of their location or applicable privacy regulations. Regarding their personal information, end users may: Access personal information or request a copy. End users have the right to obtain information about what personal information is processed about the user or to obtain a copy of their personal information.
If the end user has provided personal information, they may contact The Redcliffe Group to obtain an outline of what information the organization has about the user or a copy of the information.
An end user of the application can log in to see the personal information in the account or approach their employer for more information. Users have the right to be notified of what personal information is collected about them and how it is used, disclosed and protected. This Privacy Statement describes what personal information is collected and the organization's privacy practices. The Redcliffe Group may also have additional privacy notices and statements available to users at the point of providing information to The Redcliffe Group directly. Change or correct user's personal information. End users have the right to update/correct their personal information or ask The Redcliffe Group to do it on their behalf.
End users can edit their information through the user account in the application or ask The Redcliffe Group to change or correct it by contacting
support@bridge.insure or (770) 717-1777 . Delete or erase personal information. Subject to this Privacy Statement and any applicable privacy statements from our customers, end users have the right to request that The Redcliffe Group delete their personal information at any time. The Redcliffe Group will communicate back to the user within reasonable timelines the result of their request, but within any deadline imposed by applicable law. The Redcliffe Group may not be able to delete or erase personal information, but the end user will be informed of these reasons and any further actions available to them.  Deletion may affect the provision of services by The Redcliffe Group.   Object to the processing of personal information. End users have the right to object to the processing of their personal information for direct marketing purposes. This means that The Redcliffe Group will stop using their personal information for these purposes. Ask to restrict the processing of personal information. End users may have the right to ask The Redcliffe Group to limit the way that their personal information is used.
Export personal data. End users have the right to request that The Redcliffe Group export to them in a machine-readable format all of their personal information that The Redcliffe Group has. End users who would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact
privacy@bridge.insure or (770) 717-1777 . End users have the right to lodge a complaint with the local organizations in charge of enforcing the privacy legislation applicable in their territory. ‍ 7. Retention of Personal Information Information is retained as long as it is necessary to provide the services to clients, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information may also be retained to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce Terms of Service, and take other actions permitted by law.
The information retained will be handled as provided in this Privacy Statement and applicable law. Information connected to end users that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide services may be de-identified or aggregated with other non-personal data. This information may provide insights that are commercially valuable to The Redcliffe Group, such as statistics of the use of the services. 8. Other Important Information Data is processed in locations in the United States of America and any transfer of data relies on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders, such as contracts incorporating data protection and sharing obligations.
Personal data will only be collected and processed when there is a lawful reason for its collection. When end users visit the website or application and provide their personal information, it is collected and used with their consent.   Application end users consent to the collection of their personal information when they log in for the first time. However, their employer has control of the account and may upload and share additional personal information. The employer’s responsibility is to ensure that collecting, using and sharing the personal information uploaded to the application complies with all applicable legislation.
Where The Redcliffe Group relies on user consent to process personal data, they have the right to withdraw or decline their consent at any time. For questions about the lawful bases upon which personal data is collected and used, please contact us at
privacy@bridge.insure
or
(770) 717-1777. How to select communications preferences
Users may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from The Redcliffe Group. Please click the “Unsubscribe” link in the email to stop receiving marketing communications.
Users may choose which information is collected automatically from their device by controlling cookie settings on their browser. Even if opted-out of receiving marketing communications, The Redcliffe Group may still communicate regarding security and privacy issues, servicing the account, fulfilling requests, or administering any promotion or any program in which users may have elected to participate.
‍ 9. Contact Information Users may contact The Redcliffe Group to exercise any of their rights or ask for more information about their personal information and our privacy practices by contacting
privacy@bridge.insure or (770) 717-1777. 10. Updates to Privacy Statement We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we modify our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised version here with an updated revision date. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we may also notify you by other means, such as by posting a notice on our websites or sending you a notification. By continuing to use our websites after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them. You are encouraged to check back frequently for updates or changes. Appendix A.2 For Individuals Based in California This section provides additional specific information for consumers based in California as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). A.2.1 Collection and Use of Personal Information In the last 12 months, the following categories of personal information have been collected: Identifiers, such as name, mailing address, email address, zip code, telephone number or other similar identifiers California Customer Records (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such as username and password, company name, job title, business email address and department Internet/network information, such as browsing history, log and analytics data, information about the device(s) used to access the services and information regarding interaction with The Redcliffe Group websites or services and other usage data Geolocation data, such as information about location (at country and city level) collected from the IP address Sensory Information, the content, audio, and video recordings of calls recorded where requested by the user SMS and MMS text messages or chats using the application Profession/employment information that is sent to The Redcliffe Group when applying for a position included in the CV and cover letter Other personal information, such as personal information provided in relation to a survey, comment, question, request, article download or inquiry, and any other information uploaded to the application Personal information is collected directly from the end user, from their browser or device when visiting the website or application, from third parties that are permitted by the user to share their information, from their employer, or from third parties that share public information, as stated above. See the section above, “How Personal Information Is Used,” to understand how personal information collected from California consumers is used. A.2.2 Recipients of Personal Information The Redcliffe Group shares personal information with third parties for business purposes. The categories of third parties to whom personal information is disclosed may include: (i) service providers and advisors, (ii) marketing and strategic partners; (iii) ad networks and advertising partners; (iv) analytics providers; and (v) social networks.
Please see the “How Personal Information is Shared” section of the Privacy Statement above for more information. A.2.3 California Privacy Rights As a California resident, end users may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information about them that The Redcliffe Group has collected (subject to certain limitations of the law): The right to know any or all of the following information relating to their personal information that has been collected and disclosed in the last 12 months (upon verification of identity): The specific pieces of personal information collected The categories of personal information collected The categories of sources of the personal information The categories of personal information that have been disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed The categories of personal information sold and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold, and The business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information. The right to request deletion of personal information collected, subject to certain exceptions. The right to opt-out of personal information sales to third parties now or in the future. However, The Redcliffe Group
does not sell
personal information. Your California privacy rights California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) / California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) For business purposes in the last twelve months, Cisco may have collected, used, and shared Personal Information about you as described in this privacy statement. Each category of data that may be used by Cisco or shared with third parties is categorically outlined in this Privacy Statement. California consumers have a right to: (1) request access, correction, and deletion of their Personal Information, (2) opt out of the sale of their Personal Information, and (3) not be discriminated against for exercising one of their California privacy rights. Please note that if exercising these rights limits the ability to process personal information (such as a deletion request), The Redcliffe Group may no longer be able to provide the products and services or engage in the same manner. A.2.4 How to Exercise California Consumer Rights To exercise the right to know and/or the right to deletion, please submit a request by mail at 3100 Five Forks Trickum Rd., Suite 403, Lilburn, Georgia 30047, or by contacting us at
privacy@bridge.insure or (770) 717-1777 . Identity will need to be verified before processing any request.
In order to verify identity, The Redcliffe Group will generally require sufficient information to match it to the personal information maintained in the organization's systems. Sometimes the organization may need additional personal information from the user to be able to verify their identify. The Redcliffe Group may decline a request to exercise the right to know and/or right to deletion, particularly where identity cannot be verified, information cannot be located in the organization's systems, or as permitted by law. An authorized agent may be designated to make a request under the CCPA on a user's behalf. No information will be disclosed until the authorized agent’s authority has been reviewed and verified. Once an authorized agent has submitted a request, additional information (i.e., written authorization from the user) may be required to confirm the authorized agent’s authority.
For employees/former employees of a client that uses the application and services of The Redcliffe Group, requests and/or questions should be directed to the employer/former employer. For a third party (auditor, business associate, etc.) who was given access to The Redcliffe Group application by a client of The Redcliffe Group, requests and/or questions should be directed to the client of The Redcliffe Group that gave access. A.2.5 Vermont Residents We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. A.2.6 Virginia Residents If we determine to sell personal information to any person, we will provide a “clear and conspicuous” disclosure of the sale of personal information to third parties and provide a mechanism pursuant to which the consumer may opt out of use of personal information for targeted advertising and or the sale of personal information.  Minors Under Age 16 The application and services of The Redcliffe Group are intended for business use, and are not expected to be of any interest to minors. The Redcliffe Group does not intentionally collect any personal information of consumers below the age of 16. The Redcliffe Group does not sell the personal information of any consumers, including those resident in California. Copyright © Bridge Insure
A Redcliffe Group Company Get Started Platform Integrations Pricing Log In Support Solutions Communications Phone eSign & Faxing Compliance Reporting Marketing Automation Retention & Onboarding Resources About Request a Demo Get a Quote News & Updates Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service eSign Terms of Use