Terms of Use & Privacy Policy |
Membership
Login
Become a Member
Society Membership
Society Membership Benefits
Current Associate Society Members
Society & Endorsed Meetings
Sleep Medicine Journal
FAQs
In Memoriam
Programs
World Sleep Congress
World Sleep Day
World Sleep Academy
Academy Overview
FAQs
Faculty
Application Requirements and Process
Apply
International Sleep Research Training Program
Mentee Curriculum and Application Process
Our Mentors
Our Mentees
Apply
FAQs
Practice Recommendations
In Development
Endorsed Guidelines
Reviews, Viewpoints, and Recommendations
Surveys and Questionnaires
Healthier Sleep Magazine
Examination
Apply for Exam
Upcoming & Past Exams
Description of Content
Curriculum
International Sleep Specialists
Global Sleep Health
Endorsed Meetings
Job Board
Add Job Listing
Awards
CG Young Investigator Fund
World Sleep Congress
World Sleep 2023
World Sleep 2025
Congress History
Sleep Medicine Journal
Store
About Us
Leadership
Officers
Committees
Operations
Annual Report
Governing Council Reports
Policies
Bylaws
FAQs – Bylaws
Corporate Sponsors
2023 Corporate Partners
Contact Us
News
Media Resources
- MENU - MEMBERSHIP → Login → Become a Member → Society Membership →→ Society Membership Benefits →→ Current Associate Society Members →→ Society & Endorsed Meetings → Sleep Medicine Journal → FAQs → In Memoriam PROGRAMS → World Sleep Congress → World Sleep Day → World Sleep Academy →→ Academy Overview →→→ FAQs →→ Faculty →→ Application Requirements and Process →→ Apply → International Sleep Research Training Program →→ Mentee Curriculum and Application Process →→ Our Mentors →→ Our Mentees →→ Apply →→ FAQs → Practice Recommendations →→ In Development →→ Endorsed Guidelines →→ Reviews, Viewpoints, and Recommendations →→ Surveys and Questionnaires → Healthier Sleep Magazine → Examination →→ Apply for Exam →→ Upcoming & Past Exams →→ Description of Content →→→ Curriculum →→ International Sleep Specialists → Global Sleep Health → Endorsed Meetings → Job Board →→ Add Job Listing → Awards →→ CG Young Investigator Fund WORLD SLEEP CONGRESS → World Sleep 2023 → World Sleep 2025 → Congress History SLEEP MEDICINE JOURNAL STORE ABOUT US → Leadership →→ Officers →→ Committees → Operations →→ Annual Report →→ Governing Council Reports →→ Policies →→ Bylaws →→→ FAQs – Bylaws → Corporate Sponsors →→ 2023 Corporate Partners → Contact Us → News MEDIA RESOURCES
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
>
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
World Sleep Society
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
[Go to Privacy Policy]
1. Terms
By accessing www.worldsleepsociety.org, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on World Sleep Society’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
• modify or copy the materials;
• use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
• attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on World Sleep Society’s website;
• remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
• transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by World Sleep Society at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on World Sleep Society’s website are provided “as is”. World Sleep Society makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, World Sleep Society does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Information on World Sleep Society’s website is NOT a substitute for medical advice. World Sleep Society is a not a patient organization. Our society is a membership organization to promote clinical and scientific information for scientists and healthcare personnel. Please refer to your healthcare advisor or doctor with your specific inquiry.
4. Limitations
In no event shall World Sleep Society or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on World Sleep Society’s Internet site, even if World Sleep Society or a World Sleep Society authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on World Sleep Society’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. World Sleep Society does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current. World Sleep Society may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. World Sleep Society does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
World Sleep Society has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by World Sleep Society of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
The registered office of World Sleep Society, Inc. also headquarters for www.worldsleepcongress.com, www.worldsleepday.org, www.wasmonline.com and www.sleepdirectory.com. It is directly affiliated with Sleep Medicine www.sleep-journal.com.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
World Sleep Society may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to World Sleep Society’s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The WORLD SLEEP SOCIETY nonprofit corporation shall be operated in accordance with the meaning and provisions of Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations issued thereunder.
World Sleep Society
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Actively communicating with World Sleep Society by completing a contact form, contacting the office directly, submitting science to Congress, becoming a member, joining as an Associate Society Member and other proactive means acts as your permission to be added to our communications list.
As World Sleep Society is directly affiliated with Sleep Medicine journal, personal data may be collected for its access. World Sleep Society will offer means of unsubscribing when directly collecting data for Sleep Medicine. This information must be updated annually.
Once personal data has been collected, we will offer means of unsubscribing from purposes for which information is being collected.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to our users information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Associate Society Members
Thanks for signing up!
You can unsubscribe at any time using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email.
Join Our Mailing List
Get news from World Sleep Society in your inbox.
Email
First Name
Last Name
Sorry, we could not complete your sign-up. Please contact us to resolve this.
Operation timed out, please try again.
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: World Sleep Society, 3270 19th Street NW, Suite 109, Rochester, MN, 55901, US, http://www.worldsleepsociety.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email.
Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Sign Up!
© 2023 World Sleep Society. All rights reserved. Any commercial use of any information contained on this website is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the World Sleep Society.
Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy.