PRIVACY NOTICE - TrueBlue
Skip to content
PeopleScout RPO - Recruitment Process Outsourcing
Select
Americas
Select a Region...
Americas
EMEA
Asia Pacific
Toggle Navigation
Contact Us
Jobs
Job Opportunities
Job Opportunities
TrueBlue connects people and work. Whether you'd like to work for our clients, our brands or our corporate team, we have the job for you.
Read Our Story
Work with One of Our Clients
We connect you to work. Work directly with one of our clients across the world.
Work For Our Brands
Join our sales, service and recruiting teams across our brands.
Corporate Careers
Join the corporate TrueBlue team. Put people to work and help change lives.
Workforce Solutions
Investors
Company
Our Company
Our Company
TrueBlue is your talent solution for the changing world of work.
Our Vision
About TrueBlue
Our Vision
Our Story
Leadership
News & Events
Press Releases
Events
News Media Contacts
Corporate Citizenship
A Letter from our CEO
Social Responsibility
Environmental Responsibility
Corporate Governance
Corporate Reports
Resources
TrueBlue Resources
TrueBlue Resources
TrueBlue workforce solutions make it easy for you to do business. Browse our resource library.
Go to Resource Library
Resources by Type
Announcements
Documents
COVID-19 Action Plan
At TrueBlue, the health and safety of our employees, associates and clients is our top priority.
Investor Resources
Visit the TrueBlue Investor Site to view investor relations contact information, press releases and event updates, stock info and more.
Supplier Documentation
Supplier Code of Conduct
Purchase Order Terms & Conditions
Search
Search
Close
PRIVACY NOTICE
Share This
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Contact us
TrueBlue, Inc.  and our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “ TrueBlue ”, “ we ”, “ our ”, or “ us ”) value your privacy. This Privacy Notice (“ Notice ”) explains what information we collect and how we use the information we collect. This Notice is not a contract and does not create any contractual rights or obligations except as otherwise required by applicable law.
This Notice applies to personal information that is collected, used, or disclosed through the websites, technologies, mobile applications, and online services provided by TrueBlue in connection with any of our recruitment, sales, marketing, advertising, staffing or employment activities.
The information describes and applies to the information TrueBlue collects from job applicants and candidates; visitors to our websites, technologies, mobile applications, and online services; and representatives of our business partners, clients, and vendors. This information allows us to perform the various services TrueBlue provides across its business lines, including on-demand and skilled trades staffing, contingent staffing, on-premises management of contingent staffing, recruitment process outsourcing, recruiter on demand services, outsourced labor service provider management, and the associated sales, marketing, advertisement, provision, and administration of such services (collectively, the “ TrueBlue Services ”).
This Notice does not apply to employees employed by TrueBlue and its subsidiaries, who are separately covered by jurisdiction-specific, local employment notices and polices.
For residents of the United Kingdom (UK) and the European Union (EU), please visit the European Union (EU) and United Kingdom (EU) Privacy Notice link at the bottom of this Notice. For residents of California, please visit the California Privacy Notice & Privacy Policy link at the bottom of this Notice.
Please read the Notice carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will process it. This Notice does not apply to the practices or policies of third parties that are not TrueBlue or our subsidiaries and affiliates.
WHAT INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT AND PROCESS
To provide the TrueBlue Services, TrueBlue may collect and process the following personal information:
Contact information, including but not limited to:
Name and surname
Maiden name (if applicable)
Address
E-mail address
Telephone number
Personal, identification and demographic information , including:
Social Security Number
Passport Information
Drivers’ License Information
National ID Number
State ID Content and Information
Citizen and Work Authorization Status
Gender
Marital status
Veteran or military status
Date of birth
Information about your contacts, including family members, dependents, parents, and next of kin names, dates of birth, and/or contact information
Recruitment and Candidate Information , including but not limited to:
CV, resume, and application materials Education history Employment history Professional qualifications Relevant skills and certifications Interview and assessment notes Citizenship and work authorization information Compensation, benefits and payroll information Insurance information Background check and drug testing information
Motor vehicle records for certain positions
Certain Sensitive Information . Sensitive Information is data consisting of racial or ethnic origin, health, and disability information.
Analytics Information, Cookies and Similar Data.  Information including but not limited to your IP address, login information, browser, operating system and platform, Internet and cellular service provider, location, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and version, the type of cellular phone you use, unique device identifiers, Information including cookies, clear gifs, log file information, and other tracking technologies.
Geolocation Data.
Information that can be used to identify an electronic device’s physical location.
Communications . Information including content of emails, text messages, letters, phone calls, surveys, and comments you send, place, or post to TrueBlue or our employees, agents, affiliates, or representatives.
Information Supplied by Others.  We may receive personal information about you from third parties. For example, we may receive information from publicly available career sites. Additionally, you may choose to provide us with information processed by a third-party website, such as a job search or social media website. We may receive information from parties providing background and drug screening, identity verification, and work authorization information. We use this information to determine which employment opportunities may be a good match for you based on your skills, experience, and/or feedback from our clients or other third parties.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
TrueBlue may use the personal information we collect, use, and process to:
Provide TrueBlue Services to our workforce and our clients
Process employment applications for positions you may apply for with TrueBlue or TrueBlue clients
Match candidates and TrueBlue clients with job opportunities, including using geographic or location data to determine an individual’s proximity to a worksite or job location/opportunity
Manage our employee workforce
Manage any payments, benefits, and/or compensation obligations and transactions
Meet our obligations as an employer under your employment contract or other applicable employment laws
Manage employment relationships with individuals including human resource related matters
Administer our account with individuals
Administer and manage TrueBlue internal business operations, including conducting audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, troubleshooting, data analytics, testing, research, statistics and surveys, including analyzing our job candidate and associate bases, surveying individuals’ work-related skills, analyzing hiring practices, and identifying skills and qualification data
Provide information on TrueBlue Services individuals may request from TrueBlue
Communicate or market relevant job and employment opportunities
Send e-mails and other promotional communication about TrueBlue and TrueBlue Services, including marketing, advertising, surveys, promotional, and thought leadership material
Comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including health and safety obligations
Respond to requests from individuals, including the exercise of any data subject access rights as required by applicable law
Optimize individual’s experience in receiving TrueBlue Services
Manage, administer, and monitor our technology, application, and website usage, including monitoring our network and information security
Ensure that the content on our website is presented in the most efficient manner
Use for other business purposes, such as data analysis, developing new products, services and offerings
WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH
We may disclose Personal information to:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company, and its subsidiaries, who may support us in our data processing and provision of TrueBlue Services
Service providers assisting in providing the TrueBlue Services and managing our internal business operations, including but not limited to support for recruitment, interviewing, applicant tracking, resume/CV management, infrastructure management, platform management, application services, marketing, data analytics, skill assessments, and drug and background screening to manage requests and questions from you, personalize or enhance transactions, verify, process, store, enforce, investigate and/or collect actual or potential transactions, or assist or respond to our consultants including, but not limited to, auditors and lenders
TrueBlue Clients so that you may perform work for them and/or be considered by them for employment opportunities
Government regulators, law enforcement authorities or alleged victims of identity theft (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal purpose, (ii) if we believe appropriate in response to a lawful disclosure request, and (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity
To third parties in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, restructuring, assignment, sale of assets, or bankruptcy or insolvency
To third parties as necessary to exercise our rights or to assist third parties in defending their rights under applicable laws, including, without limitation, to assert, defend, and enforce our property rights and to respond to legal process
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our website
To any third parties in which you explicitly direct or consent for us to provide information
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
We will process your requests in exercise of relevant rights in compliance with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the jurisdiction in which you reside.
For residents of the United Kingdom (UK) and the European Union (EU), please visit the European Union (EU) and United Kingdom (EU) Privacy Notice link at the bottom of this Notice. For residents of California, please visit the California Privacy Notice & Privacy Policy link at the bottom of this Notice.
We may provide you with communications including information about special or new features of our website, services, products or offers from us which we think may be of interest to you. If you would rather not receive this information, you may manage your subscription preferences and/or opt out by following the instructions in such communications.
TrueBlue may take steps in compliance with applicable law to verify a requestor’s identity. Subject to applicable law, TrueBlue may limit or deny requests.
To submit a request regarding your personal information, please visit the
Personal Information Access Form .
OUR USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGIES
We use “cookies”, clear gifs, log file information, and other technologies and analytics technologies (“Cookies”) to obtain certain information when your browser or mobile device accesses our websites, applications, or other technologies. For example, when you log in to our websites, applications, or other technologies to apply for an employment opportunity, a session cookie is created while you are on the website, application or technology. This enables you to apply for multiple positions without having to log back into the system each time. If you do not wish to receive any Cookies, you should examine your browser settings and instructions, though we make no promise that they will be effective. This may mean you will not be able to take full advantage of the services provided on our website, applications or technologies.  Cookies allow us to understand what web pages you have viewed, what links you click, the searches you conduct on our websites, applications, and technologies, and how frequently specific pages are visited. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your ability to access or use certain features of the website, applications or technologies, or our TrueBlue Services. Similarly, you may be able to adjust settings on your mobile device to limit the personal information it stores, and these adjustments may affect your ability to access or use certain features of the website, applications, and technologies, or our TrueBlue Services.
Your selection of a “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on the Cookies or the automatic collection of analytics information. This may be for a number of reasons. For example, not all Cookies can be controlled by browsers; unique aspects of your browser might be recognizable even if you disable a Cookie; not all settings will necessarily last or be effective; even if a setting is effective for one purpose data still may be collected for another; and even if one website observes a “Do Not Track” signal, that website usually will not be able to control other websites.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
The Personal Information we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the jurisdiction in which you reside. We may transfer and process your personal information in the following countries and regions in which we have operations: U.S., Canada, UK, Poland, India, and Australia.
RETENTION AND DELETION
TrueBlue may keep personal Information:
For as long as we have an ongoing legitimate business purpose for retaining such information;
For as long as we provide TrueBlue Services to you;
To comply with our legal obligations; and
To resolve disputes and enforce our agreements;
CHILDREN
Our Services are only intended for use by persons who are 18 years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of 18. If we become aware or suspect that you are under the age of 18, any information you submit will be subject to our reasonable efforts to destroy such information, except as necessary for verifying your age or as required by law. No information should be submitted to TrueBlue by underage persons.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
TrueBlue may modify this Notice at any time, and any modified version is effective immediately upon posting. TrueBlue encourages you to review the Notice each time you visit our websites.
CONTACT US
Please feel free to contact us with any comments or questions regarding this Notice.
You may contact us via email at  privacy@trueblue.com
By phone at 1-800-610-8920; press 2 for Human Resources then 1 for Employee Relations and leave a message for one of our HR representatives.
Alternatively, you can contact us by mail at: TrueBlue, Inc. 1015 A Street Tacoma, Washington 98402 Attn: Privacy Group
DOCUMENTS
European Union & United Kingdom Privacy Notice California Privacy Notice & Privacy Policy
Biometric Data Policy
Last Updated: December 15, 2022
Latest Insights
More Like This
Employee Success Story | Aimee Wales, Director, Program Transformation
Read More
Employee Success Story | Bharad Narayanan, Senior Director, Cloud Engineering
Read More
Employee Success Story | Curry Edwards, Senior Director, Corporate Real Estate
Read More
Employee Success Story | Karen Clarke, Senior Compliance Specialist
Read More
Get in Touch
We specialize in connecting people to work. If you would like to connect with us, click the link below for a list of helpful contact information.
Contact Us
Connect
You can connect with TrueBlue on the following platforms and media channels.
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on LinkedIn
Recruitment Process Outsourcing | RPO | PeopleScout
More about TrueBlue
TrueBlue (NYSE: TBI) is a leading provider of specialized workforce solutions, helping clients improve growth and performance by providing staffing, workforce management, and recruitment process outsourcing solutions. The company’s specialized workforce solutions meet clients’ needs for a reliable, efficient workforce in a wide variety of industries. In 2022, TrueBlue served 84,000 clients and connected approximately 611,000 people to work.
More about TrueBlue
Job Opportunities
Work with One of Our Clients
Work with Our Brands
TrueBlue Corporate Careers
Workforce Solutions
Workforce Solutions
Investors
Investor Home
Corporate Citizenship
Financials
Stock Information
News & Events
About Us
Our Vision
Our Story
Leadership
Corporate Citizenship
Resources
Resource Library
FAQs
Investors
Press Releases
©2023 TrueBlue – The People Company
All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notice
Code of Conduct
TrueBlue Policies
TrueBlue Companies
Get the Updates
Close Modal