Sharva Apps - Privacy Policy Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Sharva Apps Home Privacy Policy Sharva Apps Home Privacy Policy More Home Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy At " Sharva Apps " we recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy applies to all apps under the publisher name of " Sharva Apps " . " Sharva Apps " is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this Application, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using our apps would be collected. What we collect We may collect the following information: Name and job title Contact Information such that Email address Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers Personal Information We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products. We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law: Your prior permission; By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests; By requests from public and governmental authorities; To protect our legal rights and interests. Non- Personal Information We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel. We may collect personal information from our users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience. If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. Information we get from your use of our services We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, device settings, device language and mobile network information). We will not share that information with third parties. How WE use Collected Information We may use your information only for serving you better as below: To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services; To personalize user experience; We may collect your non-personal information and use them for market and promotion purpose, for example, we may promote or recommend more relevant apps to you. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of our Apps, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g. account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of our apps, technical and security notices). Permissions included in Applications WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE Store Images / Videos And Audio Ringtones
t hat are created sing O ur
application. READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE Getting
Images / Videos And Audio
for Photo-Video Editing & Audio Editing Within Apps. WRITE_CONTACTS & READ_CONTACTS Setting Ringtones to Specific Contacts ( Permission
can not
access
without users
confirmation ) SET_WALLPAPER Use for Changing
Device & L ock
Screen Wallpaper RECORD_AUDIO (For
Such type apps - Enable After only User Permission ) For Creating Ringtones and Visualization Effects for audio.(We are not Recording any type of audio and this is not compulsory permission & user free to enable/disable this permission at any time.) WRITE_SETTINGS This
permission is used
for enable
settings
-
to
change
ringtone, pip mode video, brightness level of the screen. How your Information may be Disclosed Personal Information. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information. Non-Personal Information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number). We may disclose your non-personal information for promotion purpose to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws. Sensitive Information We ask that you not send us, and you not to disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us. Information we get from your use of our services Unique application numbers - Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) Device information - Device-specific information such as your hardware model and operating system version. Anonymous identifiers - we use anonymous identifiers when you interact with services such as advertising services and others. Advertisement in Application We use
Google Admob
advertisements in our applications. There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects . To check Admob Policy
Click Here Users with whom you share your Information We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application, the Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures. Security We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable. Childrens Policy We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy and safety of children during using our products and services. We do not collect, use or disclose personal information from children. If you are under
13 , you may use our website with accompany of your parents or guardians. General Data Protection Regulation(GDPR) Our Apps comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) act as per EU data protection rules of European Commission.To use our apps you must agree to our terms/conditions and privacy policy as no personal information is required to use our apps. Our Company Wide Commitment to your privacy To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. We may also retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services, these third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. Contacting Us / Report any Violations If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, the Services or the Site, please contact us at sharvaapps@gmail.com Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update its Privacy Policy from time to time, which will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy. When we change the policy, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, you could immediately stop all use of all the Services. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us sharvaapps@gmail.com Copyright Content Contents we used are created by our in-house team and some that are aggregated through public user forums and other public online communities. We take copyright violation very seriously and we seek to protect the rights of the copyright owners. In case you identify some copyrighted work on our apps, please notify us immediately so that we can take action. For any copyright material issues please feel free to contact us at sharvaapps@gmail.com Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse