Privacy Policy of Avatarify - AI Photo Editor

Your privacy is important to us. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy statement applies to developer account Apps and its product Avatarify - AI Photo Editor.

Personal Information :
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products. We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1)Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.

Non- Personal Information :
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel. If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
About Payment:
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).

We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

The payment processors we work with are:

Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Information we get from your use of our services & Permissions we need:
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, device settings, device language and mobile network information). We will not share that information with third parties. Permissions in the Avatarify - AI Photo Editor are the following:
Get Accounts
This permission is needed for making a selection list with your google accounts in the app, when you are exporting/importing Avatarify - AI Photo Editor to/from google drive.

Access Network State
This permission is needed for checking if you are connected to the internet when you are exporting/importing Avatarify - AI Photo Editor data to/from google drive.

Internet:
This permission is needed for exporting/importing Avatarify - AI Photo Editor data to/from google drive.

Write External Storage:
This permission is needed for writing to the external storage of your device when exporting Avatarify - AI Photo Editor data to the device's internal storage.

Read Calender Event:
This permission is needed for to get google calender event in the Avatarify - AI Photo Editor.

Billing :
This permission is needed to buy subscription plan of Avatarify - AI Photo Editor pro.

Camera :
This permission is needed to recoed video from camera in Avatarify - AI Photo Editor

Record Audio :
This permission is needed to recoed audio to render Avatarify - AI Photo Editor template with your voice.

WE WILL NOT SHARE ANY INFORMATION FROM YOUR DEVICE WITH THIRD PARTIES.
IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND AND/OR AGREE TO THE PRIVACY, YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY EXIT AND AVOID MAKING ANY USE OF Avatarify - AI Photo Editor SERVICES

Cookies:
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

- To facilitate our Service
- To provide the Service on our behalf
- To perform Service-related services
- To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used

Security:
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Third Party Service Providers
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

- Google Play Services
- AdMob
- Firebase Analytics
- Facebook Audience Network SDK
- Adcolony SDK
- Homingos
Privacy Policy Update:
Developer account will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do so, we will also revise the "last modified" date of the privacy statement.

User Content:
All Content added, uploaded, submitted, distributed, posted to, or created using the Services by users (collectively "User Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent that any User Content you create using tools accessible on the Services does not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any third party and is otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.

Availability of Content:
We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Site or through the Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit, modify, or block from the Services any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have breached the final sentence of the immediately foregoing paragraph), or for no reason at all.

Most Important Declaimer:
While using our App You must Agree our Terms and Condition,

The Video Contain in this app are made from us ,we have also collected other video source and modified from original source. All the copyright material credit goes to their Respected Owner, We have Just Provided a platform to you. If any Copyright issue or any Problem in this application kindly mail us at videotoolinc@gmail.com
Your Feedback is appreciable for us.

To Print Video, personal photographs, images and videos provided by you will be stored on server.

Any other information like
- Your Name, Phone Number, Address, Email ID and other personal information like Birth Date, Anniversary Date may be require.
- Payment related information and any other sensitive personal data may be require.
We do not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any information offered by third-party websites linked through the site or any website or feature linked in any banner or other advertising. We will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.

We at Avatarify - AI Photo Editor is not liable and responsible for services provided for the purpose of Print Video Feature and Delivery of Print-Video Card.

Our Ratings and Reviews should not be aligned with this services

Thank You