Privacy Policy CV Maker – PKapps
Skip to content
PKapps Home About News Contact Privacy Terms
PKapps
Navigation Menu
Navigation Menu
Home About News Contact Privacy Terms
Privacy Policy CV Maker
Intro We want to make it clear how we use your data because we appreciate your trust and handle your data carefully and sensibly. By using our services you accept this privacy policy. What We Collect In order to create your CV, we require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information including but not limited to your name, email address, and phone number. If you do not sign-in, the information is stored locally on your device. If you sign-in, this information is stored using the third-party service provider  Firebase  (which is part of Google). Ads & Analytics CV Maker app collects statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve the app. We also display ads to users in certain countries. In order to do this, we use the following third-party services which may collect information used to identify you: Google Play Services AdMob Google Analytics for Firebase Firebase Crashlytics Whenever you use our Service, if an error occurs in the app then we collect data and information through the third-party service Firebase Crashlytics. This log data may include information such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app, the time and date of your use of the app, and other statistics. How Information is Used We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support. We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish CV Maker functionality. We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property. In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. How We Protect Information We implement numerous security measures to help keep your information secure. For instance, all communication with the app and website requires HTTPS with certificate pinning. Your Rights You can access or delete your personal information anytime. If you have signed-in on the app, you can delete your data by going to the “Settings” screen and clicking “Delete Account”. If you have not signed-in, you can delete your data by uninstalling the app. If you have any questions regarding your personal data, you can contact us at prakhong.pmn@gmail.com. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. Information for European Union Customers By using our services and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union. International Transfers of Information Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used. Future Changes We can and likely will update our privacy policy in the future. Visit this page to be aware of the policy you are agreeing to by using our services. Neve
| Powered by
WordPress