User Privacy Policy of Effective Workouts 
Effective Workouts attaches great importance to the protection of user information, sometimes we need some information to provide better service for you, this privacy statement explains the collection and use of the data. If you choose to use Effective Workouts , it means that you acknowledge and accept the terms of the existing content and probably updating content.


Information Collection and Use:

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to IP address,advertising ID. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Appodeal

1) Mobile phone adapter and management function
To provide better service and experience for different types of mobile devices, Effective Workouts  will check your phone's operating system version, screen resolution information to make the picture material better fit on your screen. The content does not involve your personally identifiable information such as privacy. We do not store this information, or use it to match with any other your personal information.

2) The pictures, file management functions in mobile phone
When you use Six Pack Abs Workout by Effective Workouts , it may be necessary to call your phone storage of pictures, documents, these contents are just for you to display and edit in Effective Workouts ; or in your authorization, to use file management functions to store your edited pictures. Effective Workouts  will not collect and upload the data, archiving, pictures and other information, or collect generated and uploaded information. It will not be used for other commercial services.

3) The management and security of personal information
Effective Workouts  without permission will not disclose your information to the third party, unless it satisfies the following circumstances:
(1) To obtain your authorization;
(2) According to the mandatory laws and regulations, legal requirements or competent government requirements;
(3) Agree to the terms of Effective Workouts , and related software license agreement; Effective Workouts  strictly protect the security of your personal information. We will take a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclose.

4) Disclaimer Statement
Effective Workouts  do not bear any legal responsibility towards the following matters :
(1) Effective Workouts  provides your personal information according to the relevant laws and regulations or requirements of government policy;
(2) The disclosure, lost or tampered etc. of personal data due to force majeure caused by hacker attacks, mobile phone viruses or temporary closure by government regulation.
(3) Effective Workouts  clause in the various services and specified in the declaration or the use of the exemption cases.

5) Revision
Effective Workouts  will occasionally update this privacy statement. We will publish changes in the content of the release of the privacy statement on the web page.
Effective Workouts  will always commit to fully protect the user information, and provide better experience and service for you.

Have any question, you can contact us: andreihritskiy@gmail.com