App Privacy Policy - Cardano Summit 2023
App Privacy Policy - Cardano Summit 2023
Powered by Cookiebot Consent Details [#IABV2SETTINGS#] About This website uses cookies We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details Necessary
6
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 180 days Type : HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP image.mux.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP summit.cardano.org 1 wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Expiry : Session Type : HTML Preferences
2
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP summit.cardano.org 1 loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML Statistics
13
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 6 Learn more about this provider _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Expiry : Session Type : Pixel Heap Analytics 3 Learn more about this provider _hp2_# Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP _hp2_id.# Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP _hp2_ses_props.# Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service.
Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 muxData This cookie is used in context with a video-player, so that if the visitor is interrupted while viewing video content, the cookie remembers where to start the video when the visitor reloads the video. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Marketing
10
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Heap Analytics 1 Learn more about this provider h Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Expiry : Session Type : Pixel LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Expiry : 3 months Type : HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
Expiry : 30 days Type : HTTP Twitter Inc. 6 Learn more about this provider 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Expiry : Session Type : Pixel muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP guest_id Pending Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Expiry : 400 days Type : HTTP Unclassified
0 Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cross-domain consent [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#] List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#] Cookie declaration last updated on 10/19/23 by
Cookiebot [#IABV2_TITLE#] [#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#] [#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#] [#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#] Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all Powered by
Cookiebot by Usercentrics
Tickets
Tickets
Main Stage Event
Community Events
Accommodation
Visa Information & Requirements
Event
Event
Agenda
Speakers
Hackathon
Battle of the Builders
Media
FAQs
Cardano Summit Awards
Virtual Attendance
NFT Gallery
Faces of Cardano
Sponsorship
Contact
Get Tickets
App Privacy Policy
Cardano Foundation (referred to as the “ Foundation ”, “ We ”, “ Our ” or “ Us ”) is committed to the protection of your Personal Data and takes the matter of protecting your privacy as high priority. This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information collected through this product or website and all Cardano Foundation related websites, mobile apps, products, services, sales, marketing or events, including Our api’s, plug-ins and browser extensions (collectively, the “ Products “). With this Privacy Policy, We inform you about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal data. This is not necessarily an exhaustive description; other privacy notices and policies, individual notices or information may apply to specific matters.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Data controller and contact details
The controller of the data processing described in this Privacy Policy is Cardano Foundation, unless we inform you otherwise in certain cases. You can notify Us of any data protection-related concerns using the following contact details:Cardano Foundation
Dammstrasse 16
6300 Zug
gdpr@cardanofoundation.org
Types of Data Collected
When using the Products, the Foundation may ask you to provide certain information that can be used to identify or contact you (“ Personal Data ”). The types of Personal Data that We collect from you depend on the circumstances of collection, the nature of the Product used or the transaction undertaken. It may include, but is not limited to:
Identity Data,
such as name, address, gender, date of birth, age or age range, photo/ avatar and other similar information;
Contact Information:
such as name, address, email address, phone number;
Payment and Transaction Information:
such as data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, wallet or other payment card information or data about purchases of Our products and services or transactions facilitated by Us.
Inference Data:
Data such as your preferences for receiving marketing communications and details about how you engage with them, as well as information relating to your demographics and interests;
Device/ Network Data:
Information regarding your interaction with a Product. This includes technical information (e.g., IP Address, MAC Address, SSIDs, etc.), online user ID, device characteristics (such as browser/OS version), web server logs, browser plug-ins, your time zone application logs and language settings, cookie data, usage data. It also includes practical information like any login information and information about how you use Our Products and interact with Us.
How we collect your Personal Data
You may give Us personal information when you use, apply or register for a Foundation product or otherwise submit information to use through the Products or other communications with Us. For example:
We may collect Identity Data and Contact Information when you create a profile on Our Products or register for an event;
We may collect Device/Network Data when you access and use Our websites. Some of this data is necessary for Us to run Our website or to respond to your requests, like ticket bookings. Other data is huge help to Us in providing you with better services and maintaining a well-run organisation;
We may collect data when you subscribe to Our newsletter, send Us any sort of message (text, email, post), or ring Us on the phone;
We may collect information about you from third parties; and other channels including Our support.
We may collect data under any other contractual agreement or arrangement;
Use of Personal Data
We may use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to provide the Products you request. This includes but is not limited to: fulfilling Our obligations to you and to financial or other institutions, compliance with laws, protect rights, prevent fraud, and for business improvement, including sending relevant information, responding to law enforcement, gathering feedback, and addressing complaints or disputes;
to protect the safety and the well being of yourself and/or other customers;
in connection with marketing communications, to send you updates, newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials, including communications that may be targeted to you based on your personal information, as permitted by law;
for business development purposes such as statistical and marketing analysis, systems testing, maintenance and development, customer surveys or to help Us in any future dealings with you, for example by identifying your requirements and preference; for all other purposes ancillary to any of the purposes stated above (“Ancillary Purposes”);
based on your consent: If you have given us consent to process your personal data for certain purposes, we process your personal data within the scope of and based on this consent, unless we have another legal basis and we require such a basis. Consent given can be revoked at any time, but this has no effect on data processing that has already taken place.(collectively, “ Purposes “)
Data Security and Transfer
While no system is absolutely secure, We use reasonable technical and organisational precautions to protect your data and to respect your privacy.We employ measures like encryption, secure physical storage, limited access zones, confidentiality agreements, and routine assessments for timely data deletion to safeguard your information.Personal Data may be transferred to, and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA“) where there are appropriate safeguards in place pursuant to Article 46 of the GDPR. This data might be handled by Our staff or Our suppliers outside the EEA for various tasks, including service provision. By providing your personal data, you consent to such transfers, storage, or processing.
Retention
The Foundation will hold onto your Personal Data only as long as needed based on the reasons outlined in this Privacy Policy.We will store and utilize your Personal Data as long as it’s required to meet legal obligations, address disagreements, and uphold Our legal agreements and policies. Additionally, We will keep Usage Data for Our internal analysis purposes. Typically, Usage Data is kept for a shorter duration unless it aids in enhancing product security or functionality, or when legal requirements necessitate longer retention.
Data Disclosure
We will not trade or sell your Personal Data to third parties.Your Personal Data shall only be disclosed or transferred to the following third parties appointed or authorised by the Foundation for the fulfilment of the Purposes described herein. This may include third party processors, such as:
Data warehouses;
IT service providers;
Data analytics and/or marketing agencies;
Third party service providers, tools or plugins that enable a better user experience for Products, such as social media plugins or online marketing tools, newsletter providers
Our sponsors in case of agreed internal acceptance consent for the QR Code Experience
We shall take practical steps to ensure that their employees, officers, agents, consultants, contractors and such other third parties mentioned above who are involved in the collection or processing of your Personal Data will observe and adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The Foundation may disclose your Personal Data in good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, protect and defend the rights or property of the Foundation, prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with Products, protect the personal safety of users of Products or the public, protect against legal liability or to legal bodies as permitted or required by law such as in compliance with a warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction; and/or regulatory authorities.
In addition to the above, your Personal Data may also be disclosed or transferred to Our affiliates and subsidiaries.
Your Rights
If you want to know what Personal Data the Foundation holds about you or wish for it to be deleted, please reach out to Us at
gdpr@cardanofoundation.org .In certain circumstances, you possess these data protection rights:
Access: You can ask for details about your personal data We have.
Rectification: If the data is inaccurate or incomplete, you can request corrections.
Objection: You can contest the use of your data for specific reasons; for instance, using the unsubscribe option in our emails.
Restriction: You can ask Us to limit the processing of your data.
Data Portability: Request a copy of your data from Us in a standard, machine-readable format.
Withdraw Consent: Should We process data based on your consent, you can retract it anytime.
Please understand We might ask you to confirm your identity before acting on these requests. If unsatisfied with how We handle your data, you can report to your local Data Protection Authority in the EU or EEA.
Third Party Links
Products may contain links to other companies, organizations or websites (collectively, “ Third Party Links ”). This Privacy Notice does not apply to such Third Party Links. If you access Third Party Links using the links provided, the operators may collect your personal information.The Foundation has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party product or service.
Changes
We may revise or update this Privacy Policy from time to time.Any modifications will be reflected on this page. We’ll notify you of updates either through email or a notable alert on the Product, while also adjusting the “effective date” at this Policy’s beginning. Regularly reviewing this Policy ensures you stay informed of any alterations, which take effect once displayed on this page.
Data Privacy Contact
For further inquiries or requests in relation to Our handling of your Personal Data or this Privacy Policy please contact Us at
gdpr@cardanofoundation.org .
Download the app
Tailored experience with personalized agenda and profile settings
Live streams of key main stage events including the Gala Awards Dinner
On demand content available after broadcast
Interactive maps to navigate the Summit Dubai venue
Instant updates and push notifications
Network matchmaking to connect with like-minded attendees around the world
Sign up for latest news
First name * Last name * Email * I allow the Cardano Foundation to store and process the personal information provided. I also agree to receive communications from the Cardano Foundation according to the
Privacy Policy. *
Tickets
Tickets
Main Stage Event
Community Events
Accommodation
Visa Information & Requirements
Event
Event
Agenda
Speakers
Hackathon
Battle of the Builders
Media
FAQs
Cardano Summit Awards
Virtual Attendance
NFT Gallery
Faces of Cardano
Sponsorship
Contact
Get Tickets
Summit 2023 App
Follow Us
Website designed & developed by
First Event
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions