Privacy Policy
First National Bank Colorado
Skip to Content
Skip to navigation
Site map
GO
Home
Personal Banking
Checking Savings
Business Banking
Business Checking Business Savings Business Services
Loans and Mortgages
Ag Loans Construction Loans Small Business Loans
Self-Directed IRAs SBA 504 Loan
Home Loans Mortgage Center Personal Loans
Ways to Bank
Online & Mobile Banking Bill Pay
About Us
Company Profile Our Community Our History Management Team Blog Contact Us
Online Banking
Sign In- Online Banking
Enroll- Online Banking
E-STATEMENTS
Enroll- E-statements
Facebook
Instagram
Blog
agricultural image of cattle on a farm or ranch
PRIVACY POLICY
LOCATIONS
Las Animas
(719) 456-1512
La Junta
(719) 384-4433
Rocky Ford
(719) 254-7831
Fowler
(719) 263-4261
Monument
(719) 481-0008
Flying Horse -Colorado Springs
(719) 955-5577
Ordway
(719) 267-3531
FACTS WHAT DOES FIRST NATIONAL BANK COLORADO DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? FACTS Why? WHAT DOES FIRST NATIONAL BANK COLORADO DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the righ to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
FACTS What? WHAT DOES FIRST NATIONAL BANK COLORADO DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice FACTS How? WHAT DOES FIRST NATIONAL BANK COLORADO DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons First National Bank Colorado choose to share; and whether you can limit this sharing. Reasons we can share your personal information Does First National Bank Colorado share? Can you limit this sharing? Reasons we can share your personal information For our everyday business purposes:
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond
to
court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus Does First National Bank Colorado share? YES Can you limit this sharing? NO Reasons we can share your personal information For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Does First National Bank Colorado share? YES Can you limit this sharing? NO Reasons we can share your personal information For joint marketing with other financial companies Does First National Bank Colorado share? NO Can you limit this sharing? We don't share
Reasons we can share your personal information For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences Does First National Bank Colorado share? NO Can you limit this sharing? We don't share Reasons we can share your personal information For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness Does First National Bank Colorado share? NO Can you limit this sharing? We don't share Reasons we can share your personal information For our affiliates to market to you Does First National Bank Colorado share? NO Can you limit this sharing? We don't share Reasons we can share your personal information For nonaffiliates to market to you Does First National Bank Colorado share? NO Can you limit this sharing? We don't share Questions? Call 888-803-2672 or go to
www.fnblasanimas.com Who we are Who we are First National Bank Colorado Offices in Fowler, La Junta, Las Animas, Monument, Ordway, Rocky Ford, and Colorado Springs (Flying Horse) What we do What we do How does First National Bank Colorado
protect my personal
information? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We restrict access to your personal and account information to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. What we do How does First National Bank
Colorado collect my personal
information? We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. What we do Why can’t I limit all sharing? Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. Definitions Definitions Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
First National Bank Colorado has no affiliates. Definitions Nonaffiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
First National Bank Colorado does not share with nonaffiliates
so they can market you. Definitions Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
First National Bank Colorado doesn't jointly market. Please click the button below to First National Bank Colorado’s privacy policy to save or print for your records.
Privacy Policy
Consent to E-Statement Sign-up
×
This enrollment form asks for your consent so that we can provide monthly account statements
to you in an electronic format rather than a paper format. Before accepting below, please read the
following disclosures and requirements for accessing electronic disclosures.
Internet statements provide all information available on paper statements. An e-mail message
will inform you each month when your statement goes online. Images of checks for the month
can be easily accessed. Statements and check images will remain online on a secure First
National Bank site and may be downloaded or printed for permanent retention.
PLEASE NOTE: To access monthly account statements and disclosures electronically, you must
have:
A First National Bank checking or savings accounts
An Internet connection
A 128-bit encrypted Web browser
Access to a printer or storage medium such as a hard drive so that you download and/ or
print disclosures and/or statements for your records
You must be able to open PDF files to enroll in this product. You will need Adobe
Acrobat Reader or another product for this purpose
If you're lacking any of these requirements and want to receive Internet Statements, please
contact us and we'll help get you set up.
Send us an email at
IBinfo@fnblasanimas.com
Call us at 1-888-803-2672; or
Write to us at PO Box 270, Las Animas, CO 81054
If you change your mind about electronic disclosures and statements in the future: You can
always request paper copies. If a special need arises, we can prepare a paper-based version of
any of the electronic records you receive for up to five years after the date it was created. You
can change back to all paper based disclosures and statements. In order to change your disclosure
format from electronic to paper just contact us via any of the options shown above.
To update your electronic address or to change the method you have chosen to receive
information, electronically or on paper, or if you have any questions, e-mail us at
IBinfo@fnblasanimas.com
or call us at 1-888-803-2672. You can also change your email
address through the Other Services Menu in our Internet Banking service.
By accepting below I certify that I have read the above disclosures and want electronic monthly
account statements. I have access to a computer that meets the technical requirements set forth
above, and I have access to a printer, or the ability to download information in order to keep
copies for my records. I will notify you of any changes in my electronic address, or if I no longer
want to receive disclosures electronically.
I do not consent
Sign-up for E-statements
Resources
Calculators
Reorder Checks
FDIC
Switch Kit
Forms
Privacy and Security
Privacy Policy
Security Center
Debit Card Protection
Identity Theft Protection
Contact Us
Fowler
La Junta
Las Animas
Monument
Ordway
Rocky Ford
Flying Horse
Copyright 2023
|
First National Bank Colorado
|
Sitemap
| NMLS #402960
Powered by CSI