Privacy Policy | Nutrisystem®
Skip to main content
Menu
Menu
Sign In
Account
Sign In
Create Account
My Account
Manage Auto-Delivery
Order History
1-800-435-4074
?
Help
Plans & Pricing
Women’s Plans
Men’s Plans
Diabetes Plans
Complete 55 Plan
Partner Plans
View Menu
Breakfast
Lunch
Dinner
Snacks
How It Works
Success Stories
Log In
FAQ
Refer a Friend
Call
1-800-435-4074
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will tell you what information Nutrisystem, Inc. ("Nutrisystem," “Numi by Nutrisystem” "we," or "us") collects when you and others visit and interact with our website at Nutrisystem.com or my.numi.com (collectively the "Site") and use our mobile application ("application," or "app") on a mobile device ("Device"), and platforms where the policy is located (the “Platform”), how we use it and what choices you have about how that information is used. We collect information from you and other users in connection with the provision of our weight loss services and programs (collectively, "Services").
We urge you to read our entire Privacy Policy so that you will understand both our commitment to you and your privacy, and how you can participate in that commitment.
By consenting to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information through your use of our website and services, you will allow us to fulfill the purposes for which we collect your Personal Information, as described above and in this Policy.
We collect this information solely to provide our consumers with excellent goods and services, and only collect and use the least amount of information required to do so. We only share this Personal Information with our trusted business partners to help us serve you, our customers.
The data we collect, and use may include actively collected information and passively collected information, described in more detail below.
I. Information You Voluntarily Provide
Personal/Contact Information
When you interact with our Site, for example, placing an order, creating an account and/or profile, chatting with us, contacting our customer service team via text message or chat, or purchasing a subscription on our Site, we may collect and save your name, email address, mailing address, contact numbers, age, height, weight, credit card number, and expiration date, the content of texts and chats you send us and that we send you, and other data detailed in the section below. The personally identifiable information we collect when you place an order, create an account and/or profile or purchase a subscription on our Site may be used for the purposes outlined in this policy, including:
to fulfill your requests for products and services;
to notify you of order, delivery, and shipment statuses;
to provide you with offers from Nutrisystem and its affiliates;
to enhance your experience with us
to contact you when necessary
as further described in detail in Section IV below.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information obtained depends on the context of your interactions with us and may include the following:
Account information.
For example, we may collect your contact information that you provide
including name, mailing, billing, or shipping addresses, unique personal and online identifiers, birthdate,
telephone number, authorization credential tokens, credit card and payment information, email addresses, and
mobile phone number.
Health and biometric data.
If you create a user account, we may collect the information you
submit, including your age, gender, and health information that you choose to provide, such as your current
weight and goal weight, height, BMI, exercise activity, food consumption and diet, and biometric
data including voice recordings.
Careers.
For example, we may collect your resume and employment and education history when
you apply for a job on our platform.
Content that you post and provide.
This includes content posted on our Platform or sent to us in a
message through the "Contact Us" page, chat, blogs, or call center and text message.
Social media information.
This includes online information about you that you or others
have posted.
Information Provided
in Optional Surveys
We may periodically
ask members to participate in online surveys or fill out online questionnaires
concerning topics such as the effectiveness of the weight loss program,
advertising effectiveness and customer satisfaction. All surveys and
questionnaires are optional, and the information collected will not be
associated with any user’s personal information. Information gathered may be
shared with third parties in order to improve customer satisfaction and program
effectiveness. No personal information of any user will be connected to survey
or questionnaire results.
II. Information Collected Automatically
Nutrisystem ®
also collects information automatically and passively, such as how you use our Site,
as described below.
Commercial information.
For example, we may collect personal information that could
identify you and relates to the products or services in which you are interested or have considered or
purchased.
Device information.
This includes the type and model of Device or identifier you use to
access our Platform, IP address or operating system, and geolocate information.
Other information.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information through our Internet log files, which record data such as user IP addresses, language, zip code, area code, location, time zone, browser types or search history, the site you came from, the site you visit when you leave us, how you interact with an e-mail message or advertisement, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Site. This information may be used for our business purposes. If you use our app, we might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it.
Combining Information.
We may combine the information we collect through our Platform. We
may link this information to personally identifiable information for these and other purposes, including
personalizing your experience on our Site.
Information is also collected when you use our app Handheld
Products, including the software application needed to utilize the Handheld Products on your handheld Device
(the "Application"). During the installation of the Application and subsequent synchronizations, we
collect non-personally identifiable information concerning your Device (such as the specific type of operating
system and hardware you have, and the amount of free and total memory) and the Application’s files on your
Device. Our Handheld Products also collect information about your usage of the Application (such as the dates
you last synced with the Internet or the dates you last used certain features). When you sync your Device with
the Site, we store some of this information.
III. Information We Collect From Third Parties & Affiliates
We collect personal information about you from third parties in connection with our Site, app and
Services, including from the following sources:
Service providers that we engage to perform portions of our Services or provide functionality or features
made available through our Site or app
Advertising providers, including online advertising networks and analytic vendors
Social media platforms, including Facebook, FitBit, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Snapchat, TikTok, Twitter, and
YouTube
Promotional partners
Companies (such is Five9, Inc. and Quig, Inc.) that that facilitate chats and text messages between you and us.
Your contacts or friends who provide your information
Additionally, we may collect some or all of your
Personal Information from our parent company, affiliates, any subsidiaries,
joint ventures, or other companies under a common control.
IV. What Nutrisystem ®
Does With Your Information
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Examples of how we may use your information include:
To Provide our Products and Services.
We may use your information to fulfill your requests
for products or services and process requests.
To Run and Improve our Platform and Business.
We may use your information to improve our
products and services, make our Platform and business better, and to customize your experience with us.
To Communicate with You.
We may communicate with you about your account, this Policy, or
our Platform terms and conditions.
To Verify Your Identity.
This includes verifying your identify through other
authorization information you provide, for example AppleID and determining your eligibility for our products
and Services.
For Marketing Purposes.
We may provide you with information about our company, including
advertising or providing you with information about products and offers and sending you communications,
including through the mail, email, phone calls, push notifications, or text message. For more information
about your choices related to these communications, see the Choices section below.
To Perform Data Analytics.
This may include monitoring and analyzing user activity, market
research, customer segmentation, financial analysis, and evaluating the effectiveness of our marketing
activities.
To Respond to Your Requests or Questions.
This may include responding to your feedback or questions and comments sent via chat or text message.
For Customer Satisfaction.
Nutrisystem periodically asks members to participate in online
surveys or fill out online questionnaires concerning topics such as the effectiveness of the weight loss
program, advertising effectiveness and customer satisfaction. All surveys and questionnaires are optional
and the information collected will not be associated with any user’s personal information. Information
gathered may be shared with third parties to improve customer satisfaction and program effectiveness.
For Referrals
From time to time, Nutrisystem collects third-party email addresses or other
contact information from our users and customers so that Nutrisystem may send information to their friends
and family on an as-requested basis, such as for referral coupons. We also require the same when users
utilize certain functions such as "email this to a friend" features.
For Security Purposes.
This could include protecting our company and consumers who use our
products and services, protecting our Platform, or investigating a potential fraud.
As Otherwise Permitted by Law or As We May Notify You.
Will Nutrisystem disclose the information it collects to outside
parties?
From time to time, we may make customer email addresses and
postal addresses available to other businesses whose products or services might be of value to you. If you do
not want us to share your information with other companies or organizations for their marketing purposes, please
let us know by emailing us at
privacy@nutrisystem.com .
If you opt-out of promotional or newsletter emails from Nutrisystem, we may continue to send you
certain communications such as service announcements and administrative messages, relating to Nutrisystem that
are necessary to our relationship with you.
HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your personal information, including the content of any chat our text you you send to us, in the following ways:
Internally.
We may share personal information with our parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control.
With Our Service Providers . We may share your personal information with third parties who
perform services on our behalf and/or who facilitate functions on our site. This may include companies that send emails on our behalf or help us run our Platform.
For example, we use Five9 to facilitate our online chat feature, and Five9 records data and the substance of chats collected via the chat feature. For more information about Five9, please visit:
https://www.five9.com/legal . We also use Quiq to facilitate texting chat features.
For more information about Quiq please visit:
https://quiq.com/privacypolicy/ .
With Our Business Partners.
Nutrisystem shares your information (other than payment
information) with third-party vendors for shipping and billing purposes and with other third-parties that
provide a service for Nutrisystem to help us operate our business and the Site and administer activities on
our behalf.
With Third Parties for Marketing Purposes.
Nutrisystem may also provide your information
and aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to
reputable third-party vendors. This may include the delivery of interest-based advertising, analytics,
reporting, or strategy. For example, we use Adobe Analytics, HotJar, LiveInent and Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc., to gather
information about your preferences and how you and other users engage with our Site and app. For more information about Adobe Analytics, HotJar,Google
Analytics and LiveIntent please visit:
https://www.experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/analytics/technotes/privacy-overview.html
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
https://www.liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy/
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
With Any Successors to All or Part of our Business or One of Our Brands.
Nutrisystem
may also sell, transfer, or otherwise share some or all its assets, including your personally identifiable
information and non-personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition,
reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of
any such transfer if the new entity’s planned use or sharing of your information differs materially
from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
For Other Reasons We May Describe to You.
In addition to what we have described
above, Nutrisystem may also disclose your personal information to third-parties in certain limited
circumstances, as follows:
as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our Site
Terms and
Conditions , of the law, of
our rights or of any third party;
to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection
with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as
required by law; and
to share your account information with other members of your household.
Credit Card and Payment Information
- Nutrisystem does not share any of your payment
information with third parties (except to its payment processors).
Text Messaging -
All the
above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent;
this information will not be shared with any third parties.
How does Nutrisystem protect customer
information?
All information collected by us is maintained in a reasonable manner and pursuant to applicable law. The importance of security for all Personal Information associated with those who access or use our websites and the services they offer is of utmost concern to us. We employ commercially reasonable physical, technological, and administrative safeguards to protect your Personal Information using industry standard technology. Your Personal Information resides on a secure server that only selected Nutrisystem employees and contractors have access to via password. In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third-party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions that employ appropriate security safeguards. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through our websites cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on our website(s), it is your responsibility to safeguard them and utilize strong, complex passwords. If you have a user account on any of our websites, you agree to maintain the confidentiality of your account details and notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other security breach relating to your account. We are not liable for any loss or damage arising out of your failure to comply with this section.
Mobile Devices/Third-Party Fees
From time to time, we may make mobile device applications and mobile marketing campaigns available to you and
may allow you to register for services that involve push notifications and/or emails being sent to your mobile
Device. Promotional messages on shortcodes 231231, 321321, 369369, 42424, 508508, and 215215 are recurring messages.You are responsible for obtaining access to the mobile Device services. Such access may involve
third-party fees, including mobile carrier, text messaging, or airtime charges. You are solely responsible for
those fees, including any and all fees associated with the use of the applications, delivery of the messages,
emails or other materials to your mobile Device. Please consult your mobile service provider’s pricing
plan prior to purchasing or downloading any application or registering for any such service to determine the
charges for sending and receiving push notifications or emails from/to your mobile device. You will be given the
opportunity to opt-in to receive push notifications or emails to your mobile Device at the time you register for
the campaign and with each message or email you receive. To stop receiving push notifications or emails from
NuMi, please change your communication settings in the NuMi ® app or at NuMi.com.  To stop receiving
text messages, text “STOP” to our shortcode by responding to any text message
received from NuMi.  After you send the SMS message “STOP” to us, we will
send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this,
you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. If you want to join again,
just re-subscribe in the same manner that you previously used to sign up.
If you are
experiencing issues with the messaging program you can reply with the keyword
HELP for more assistance, or you can get help directly at
customerservice@nutrisystem.com or 1-800-585-5483. Carriers are not liable for
delayed or undelivered messages.
As always, message
and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from
you. Message frequency may vary. If you have any questions about your text plan
or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.
Mobile marketing
campaigns may involve your sending text message or e-mail from your mobile
Device to us or a third-party campaign operator. An autodialed text message,
e-mail or other response will then be sent to your mobile Device. Opting to
participate in a campaign is 100% your choice.  Your consent to receive
marketing text messages is not a condition of any purchase with Nutrisystem,
and you may opt out at any time.
When you engage in
these mobile marketing campaigns, we and the third-party campaign operator that
we work with may collect your cell phone number, the name of your wireless
service provider, images that you send using your cell phone as part of the
campaign, and other relevant information. Text messaging originator opt-in data and consent will not be shared with any third parties.
Our Bulletin Boards, Social Media Pages, Chat Rooms & User
Blogs
As part of our Services, we may provide support through bulletin boards, chat rooms (support groups), social
media pages, The Leaf and blogs (collectively, "Forums"). Forums give our customers the opportunity to
interact with each other. Forums are moderated to help keep inappropriate messages from being posted. You are
offered the opportunity to include your email address with your message, but you are not obligated to do so.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information through or on these Forums your
information can be viewed, collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information in a Forum
that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. We cannot
control the actions of any third-parties. By posting any comments, pictures or other information
("Content") in a Forum hosted by us, you grant us a non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual and
worldwide right to copy and post both such Content within our Site, and those of our parent, affiliates,
subsidiaries, assigns, agents and licensees and any social media outlets and advertising medium through which we
are engaged or elsewhere on the Nutrisystem Site, without any further notice to you or any remuneration
therefor.
V. Your Rights and Your Consent
This Privacy Policy sets forth our current policies and practices with respect to Personal Information, including Sensitive Personal Information, of the users of any of our websites. "Personal Information" is any information about an identifiable individual, which includes information such as full name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and sales delivery, billing and credit card information. “Sensitive Personal Information” is personally identifiable information that reveals information such as geolocation, biometric, and health data. By using our websites, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information to us through our websites, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can withdraw your consent at any time. However, if you choose to do so, we may not be able to offer you the functionality and services of our websites (for example, if you do not provide your payment information, we cannot process an order for you through our website).
A Special Note to Parents or Legal Guardians
The Nutrisystem Program is intended only for consumers who have reached the age of majority. This Site is neither intended for nor directed to anyone under the age of
majority and we shall not knowingly solicit or collect any personal information from such individual
under the age of majority. If you are a
parent or legal guardian and think your child under the age of majority has provided us with personal information, please contact
us at
privacy@nutrisystem.com. You can also write to us at the
address listed at the end of this website Policy. Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information
Request." Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy on-line
here .
CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
You have certain choices about how we use your personal information. Certain choices you make are browser and
device specific. Note that you will still receive transactional messages from us, including responses to your
inquiries. To opt out of receiving our marketing communications, you can follow the instructions contained
below.
Cookies
When you use our Site, we gather web traffic information via "cookies". Cookies are small pieces of
digital information stored by your browser on your computer and track initial and returning visits, browsing
patterns on our Site, and products ordered and viewed. Our cookies do not contain personally identifiable
information, but they enable us to identify you as a repeat visitor and help us personalize your nutrisystem.com
experience. Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you may reset your browser to notify you
when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally. Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in
the "Help" section of the toolbar. For more information on how to control browser cookies,
click here .
You need to have
cookies enabled on your computer to use our Site. If you do not accept cookies
to use our Site, you may not be able to use certain resources or features of
our Site.
Flash Cookies
Certain features of our Site may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information
about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Site. Flash cookies are not managed by the same
browser settings as are used for browser cookies, and they are not placed on your computer. You may need to take
additional action to manage flash cookies, which you can learn more about
here .
Web Beacons, Pixel Tags, and 3rd Party Cookies
Nutrisystem, or third parties engaged by us, may use web beacons on some pages of this Site. A web beacon (also
known as a pixel tag or clear GIF) is a graphic image which is used to better understand the browsing patterns
of visitors to the page.
When the HTML code for the web beacon points to a website to retrieve the pixel image, information can be passed
along such as the IP address of the computer that requested the image, the time the web beacon was viewed and
for how long, the type of browser that was used, and previously set cookie values. Web beacons DO NOT pass or
read personally identifiable information about you.
Web beacons work in conjunction with cookies set by trusted third parties that are used to assess the
effectiveness of promotional campaigns or to optimize advertising once a user leaves a website. View your
browser’s help section to determine how to configure your browser to reject or manage first-party (i.e.,
Nutrisystem) and/or third-party cookies. Nutrisystem shares aggregated information collected through web beacons
to vendors for which the beacon was set to determine the success of marketing campaigns but does not disclose
personally identifying information to these vendors.
Third-party ad servers may track anonymous website usage through web beacons on our Site and other websites. They
do this by setting a cookie (or reading a cookie previously placed by them) on users’ computers to track
the activities of users who view a web page that contains web beacons. Third-party ad servers may use
information about your visits to this Site and other websites to provide advertisements about goods and services
that may be of interest to you. Periodically, upon our request, third-party ad servers may report the anonymous
data that they collect on our behalf back to us for our internal use and analysis and our treatment of this
anonymous data is governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy. To learn more about targeted advertising, these
providers, or how you may opt out, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice page at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices .
Technologies other than http cookies may be used by third-parties in a similar way, to recognize the email
recipients’ computer or device and to keep track of which user identities match to which devices or
browsers, and those technologies may not respond to browser settings that block conventional cookies. You may
opt out of many of these types of technologies by visiting the National Advertising Initiative’s opt out
page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org .
Email Tools:
You can also change your email settings to block the automatic download of images
in email messages, as such images may contain technologies that help us understand how you interact with the
message.
How we respond to "DO NOT TRACK" signals
We do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide you the
ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about your online activities over
time and across third-party websites or online services.
We may use cookies and web beacons for insight with respect to the usage of the Site, and so that we could
continually improve our customer’s experience. At times, we use third parties to analyze usage of our
website. However, we do not disclose your personally identifiable information to such third parties. The tools we use to perform this tracking, including Google Analytics, HotJar and Adobe Analytics all respect Do Not Track signals from your browser.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
The California Consumer Privacy
Act
(“CCPA ”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act
(“CPRA”), requires us to make specific
disclosures about how we collect, use, and share the personal information of
California residents who are subject to CCPA
(“California Consumer Personal
Information ”). CCPA also grants such California
residents certain rights related to their personal information
This section of our Privacy Policy explains our
collection of California Consumer Personal
Information and includes instructions for California residents who wish to exercise their rights under CCPA.
Note that this section does not apply to the personal information of California residents that we collect in the
employment context or in certain business transactions. This section also does not apply to any information that
may be captured by our customers using our products or services. Information about the
categories of Personal Information we have collected and shared in the
preceding twelve (12) months is described below:
We may collect this category of California Consumer Personal
Information.
Do we use and share this category of personal information for
“business purposes?”
Do we use and share this category of personal information for
“commercial purposes?”
Do we sell this Personal Information?
Identifiers
real name, alias, postal address, Internet
Protocol address
YES
YES
YES
Customer records containing personal
information
YES
NO
YES
Characteristics of protected classifications
under California or federal law
YES
NO
NO
Commercial information
including
records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or
considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
YES
YES
YES
Internet or other electronic network activity
information
including,
but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information
regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or
advertisement.
YES
YES
YES
Geolocation data
YES
NO
NO
Audio, electronic, or similar information
YES
NO
NO
Professional or employment-related information
YES
NO
NO
Non-public personal education information
YES
NO
NO
Inferences drawn from the above categories of
information to create a profile about preferences
YES
YES
YES
We collect California Consumer Personal Information as described above Sections 1-3 of this Policy
We use the California Consumer Personal Information we collect for “business purposes” and
“commercial purposes” as these terms are defined in CCPA. These purposes are as described in the
“HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION”
section of this Policy.
We share California Consumer Personal Information we collect with third parties as described in the
“HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION”
section of this Policy.
California Resident Rights under CCPA . Subject to certain exclusions, the CCPA, allows
California residents, upon a verifiable consumer request, to request that a business that collects
consumers’ personal information give consumers the following:
The
rig ht to request
the following information
regarding our use of your California Consumer Personal
Information
( “Right to Know” ):
The categories of your Personal Information that we have collected
The purposes for which we have collected or used such California Consumer Personal Information
The categories of sources for the California Consumer Personal Information we have collected about you
The categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed your California Consumer Personal Information
If we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, a list identifying the California
Consumer Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained
If we have sold your personal information, a list identifying the California Consumer Personal Information
categories that each category of recipient purchased.
The
right to receive
a copy of your California Consumer Personal Information.
The
right to request us to delete
your Personal Information when we no longer need such
data in connection with our Services (subject to certain exceptions that may apply under applicable law).
The
right to equal rights and services.
This means that we are prohibited from
discriminating against you if you exercise your rights under CCPA.
Notice
of Right to Correct.
California law also
provides consumers the Right to Correct.
This right allows consumers to contact us and request
that we correct inaccuracies in a consumers’ Personal Information. Subject to
applicable law, you can correct errors in your data by contacting us.
Notice
to Limit the Use or Disclosure of My Sensitive Personal Information.   California law also allows you the right to
limit the use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information
except as necessary
to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected
by an average consumer who requests such goods
and services. You have the right to
submit a verified request to us to limit the use or disclosure of your
Sensitive Personal Information.
The categories of Sensitive Personal Information
that we may collect about you are described below:
We may collect this category of “Sensitive
Personal Information”
Do we use this category of sensitive personal
information for “business purposes?”
Is this category shared or sold?
Precise geolocation
YES
NO
Genetic Data:
biometric information
YES
NO
Genetic Data:
Information concerning a consumer’s health
YES
NO
The
right to opt out of the sale
of your
Personal Information
Do Not Sell or Share
My Personal Information:  Notice of Right
to Opt-Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
We engage in the “sale” of personal information, as
defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) with certain marketing
co-op platforms that use customer data as part of the cooperative marketing
database to help companies gain prospective new customers. Nutrisystem does not
knowingly sell the Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without
receiving affirmative authorization.
Under California
law, residents of California may request that we cease selling or sharing their
Personal Information
(“Request to Opt Out”) .
California residents who wish to exercise any
such rights listed above, please contact us by phone or web as follows:
Phone:
1-888-914-9661 PIN: 898901
Web Link:
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/4c2d79f7-9e3b-4583-9222-e96f3c7f2fee/dc97ec3b-1e0c-4eed-9122-aa46c6fca3f0
Please provide us with the following information
when making any such request:
Name
Address
Phone number
E-mail address
The request that you
are making, (that you are making a Request to Opt Out or any other request rights
set forth above that are provided to California Residents).
If
we are able to find your information in our system and you have made a request
to be opted out of the sale of your personal information, we will complete your
request and forward it to those entities with which we sell or share data and
send you a confirmation.
In compliance with CCPA, we maintain records of consumer requests for at least 24 months.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf ("Authorized Agent"), may make a verifiable consumer request related to
your California Consumer Personal Information. Please understand that we are required to verify your requests
to access, delete, or correct personal information
and
may require you to provide some information to enable us to carry out such verification. We cannot respond to
your request or provide you with California Consumer Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or
authority to make the request and confirm the California Consumer Personal Information relates to you.
Use of authorized agents
You may use an authorized agent to make a Request
to Opt-Out, a Request to Limit Use or Disclosure, a Request to Know, a
Request to Correct or a Request to Delete. To do so, please have
your authorized agent contact us using one of the methods, and providing the
requested information above, to make the request. Please note that your agent
must provide us with a signed document evidencing your authorization for the
agent to operate on your behalf related to these requests. We may also ask to
contact you to verify the request.
Please note that under the California Regulations
and the California Consumer Privacy Act, a copy of your agent’s request will be
kept.
If any request under California law is denied or
denied in part, you will be alerted to that fact and provided an explanation.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use
California Consumer Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the
requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
California’s "Shine the Light" law . California’s Civil Code section
1798.83 requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the
businesses’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third-party businesses for the
third-party businesses’ direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy
not to disclose personal information of customers to third-party businesses for the third-party
businesses’ direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such
information sharing. We have such a policy in place. As discussed above, if you wish to opt-out of our sharing
of your information with third party businesses for the third-party businesses’ direct marketing purposes,
please  opt-out here . You
can also make a request, by sending us an email at
privacy@nutrisystem.com
or writing to us at the address listed
below. Indicate in your email or letter that you are a California resident making a “California Shine the
Light” inquiry.
NEVADA PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are a Nevada resident, under Privacy and Security of Personal Information Chapter of the Nevada Revised
Statutes Section 603A ( “ 603A ” ), you have the right to submit a
verified request to us, directing us not to make any sale of certain personal information that we have collected
or will collect about you. Nevada residents who wish to exercise their rights under this
section can email us via the
web .
Please indicate
you are a Nevada resident making a “Nevada Opt-Out” request.
VIRGINIA PRIVACY NOTICE
We collect
and process the Personal Information of Virginia residents as described in the
California Privacy Disclosure. Beginning on January
1, 2023, under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Virginia residents
have the rights to access, correct, delete, and obtain a portable copy of their
personal data and to opt out of the processing of their personal data for the
purposes of targeted advertising,
sale,
or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly
significant effects concerning you
.
Virginia
residents who wish to exercise any
such rights listed above, please contact us by phone or web as follows :
Phone:
1-888-914-9661 PIN: 898901
Web Link:
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/4c2d79f7-9e3b-4583-9222-e96f3c7f2fee/dc97ec3b-1e0c-4eed-9122-aa46c6fca3f0
Please provide us with the
following information when making any such request:
Name
Address
Phone
number
E-mail
address
The request that you are making, (that you are
making a Request to Opt Out or any other request rights set forth above that
are provided to Virginia Residents).
Please indicate you are a Virginia resident when making a request.
COLORADO PRIVACY NOTICE
We collect
and process the Personal Information of Colorado residents as described in the
California Privacy Disclosure. Beginning on July 1,
2023, under the Colorado Privacy Act, Colorado residents have the rights to
access, correct, delete, and obtain a portable copy of their personal data and
to opt out of the processing of their personal data for the purposes of targeted
advertising, sale, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal
or similarly significant effects concerning you.
Colorado
residents who wish to exercise any
such rights listed above, please contact us by phone or web as follows :
Phone:
1-888-914-9661 PIN: 898901
Web Link:
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/4c2d79f7-9e3b-4583-9222-e96f3c7f2fee/dc97ec3b-1e0c-4eed-9122-aa46c6fca3f0
Please provide us with the
following information when making any such request:
Name
Address
Phone number
The nature
of your request.
Please indicate you are a Colorado resident when
making a request.
CONNECTICUT PRIVACY NOTICE
We collect
and process the Personal Information of Connecticut residents as described in
the California Privacy Disclosure. Beginning on July
1, 2023, under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Connecticut residents have the
rights to access, correct, delete, and obtain a portable copy of their personal
data and to opt out of the processing of their personal data for the purposes
of targeted advertising, sale, or profiling in furtherance of
decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
Connecticut
residents who wish to exercise any
such rights listed above, please contact us by phone or web as follows :
Phone:
1-888-914-9661 PIN: 898901
Web Link:
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/4c2d79f7-9e3b-4583-9222-e96f3c7f2fee/dc97ec3b-1e0c-4eed-9122-aa46c6fca3f0
Please provide us with the following information
when making any such request:
Name
Address
Phone
number
The nature
of your request.
Please indicate you are a Connecticut resident when
making a request.
Your Consent and Notification of Change
By using our Site, telephone consultation, or mailing in requests for information you consent to the collection
and use of your information by Nutrisystem. If you do not want to receive additional promotions from us, please
let us know by
opting out here .
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Site or app.
If at some point in the future, there is a change to our information usage practices that affect your personally
identifiable information, we will notify you by email or by posting the change on our Site, depending on the
change. Accordingly, you should check this posted Privacy Policy for changes. All amended terms automatically
take effect 30 days after they are posted.
Corrections/Updates
To make changes to any of your personal information, including name, username, password, shipping address, and
telephone number, you can visit the  My Account  section of the
Nutrisystem web Site or call Nutrisystem at  1-800-585-5483 .
Household
members may not make changes to your account information or cancel or renew your account without your express
permission.
If you want to subscribe to our e-newsletter, we only require your email address. You may unsubscribe at any
time by following the opt-out directions set forth below.
UNSUBSCRIBE FROM EMAIL
Consumer
with an account with Nutrisystem
Step 1: Click here
Unsubscribe
OR Log into
My Account
Step 2: In My
Profile, Select “Change My Account and Contact Preferences”
Step 3: Email
Preferences, update email preferences accordingly
If you opt-out of
promotional or newsletter emails from Nutrisystem, we may continue to send you
certain transactional communications, such as service announcements and
administrative messages relating to your account with us that are necessary to
our relationship with you.
Please
be aware, at times customers may receive Nutrisystem offers, which are NOT
Nutrisystem. This happens when an individual, at some point while browsing on
the web, may opt to receive emails on a third party’s website to get
information on diet or wellness.
Unsubscribing takes 7
to 10 business days for the cycle to run through and update.
Consumer
without an account with Nutrisystem
If you are receiving
unwanted emails and you do not have an account with Nutrisystem, see one of the
following suggestions to remove emails:
Click unsubscribe at the bottom of the email you are receiving
Delete the email from your mailbox
Unsubscribing takes 7
to 10 business days for the cycle to run through and update.
UNSUBSCRIBE
FROM PHYSICAL MAIL
Step 1: Log into
My Account
Step 2: In My
Profile, Select Change My Account and Contact Preferences
Step 3: After entering the Contact Preferences section,
select the check box to opt out of direct mailers
OPT OUT OF PHONE CALLS
Step 1: Log into
My Account
Step 2: In My
Profile, Select Change My Account and Contact Preferences
Step 3: Call
Preferences, update call preferences accordingly
OPT OUT OF TEXT MESSAGES
Type STOP to the Text
Message
VI. Third-Party Websites
Links
Our Site may contain links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. If
you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. We are not responsible
for the activities and practices that take place on these sites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the
privacy policy posted on any site that you may access through our Site.
Storage of Information
Information we maintain may be stored in or outside of the United States. If you live outside of the United
States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information to the United States. This
Platform is intended for use in the United States and is subject to the laws of the United States, which may not
provide the same level of protections as those in your own country.
VII. Tell Us What You Think
Nutrisystem welcomes your questions and comments about privacy and/or this policy. Please send an email to:
Privacy@nutrisystem.com . You may also write us at the
following address:
Nutrisystem, Inc.
1100 Virginia Drive, Suite 175, Fort Washington, PA 19034
Re: Nutrisystem Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Please also read the
Terms and
Conditions
on the Site to understand
additional terms and conditions which apply to the use of our Site.
Privacy Policy last updated
May 19, 2023
*Rated the Best New Product for Better for You Beef Skillet Meals by Americans in a 2022 BrandSpark survey.
The Best New Product Awards logo is a trademark of Best New Product Awards Inc., used under license.
Try it and love it.
Money back guaranteed.
details
Shop with Us
Shop with Us
Plans & Pricing
How It Works
View Menu
My Account
Nutrisystem Account
My Account Edit Next Order
A La Carte Track Your Order
About Us
About Nutrisystem
About Us Guarantee Careers Site Map
Let Us Help You
Let Us Help You
Take Our Quiz
Contact Us FAQ
Opens in New Window
Get $30 Off Your Next Order!
Refer A Friend
Get the
Numi ® App Free!
Download on the iTunes App Store (Opens in New Window)
Get it on the Google Play Store (Opens in New Window)
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Opens in New Window
Affiliates
Site Map
Careers Media Inquiries
Opens in New Window
Do Not Sell and Limit Disclosure of my Personal Information
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
NUTRISYSTEM and related trademarks are registered trademarks and trademarks in the United States and/or other countries, owned by Nutrisystem, Inc.
© 2000 - 2023 Nutrisystem, Inc. All Rights Reserved.