Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
App services are provided by Crecode at no cost. We hope the following statement will help you understand how our app deals with your personal information you may infrequently provide to us via the Internet. Protecting your privacy is our responsibility. Ordinarily, we do not collect any information from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not need the consumers to get registered before downloading our application, nor do we keep track of the consumers’ visits to our application, we even don’t have a Server to store such data.
Information we collect:
1. Cookies( Webview browser cookies) -
When you visit Forum service, we may send one or more cookies files with a small amount of data that is usually used as an anonymous unique identifier to your mobile device that uniquely recognizes your device and permits the application to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Forum. You can reset your web browser to decline all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you choose to decline our cookies, you may be unable to use some sections of this Service.
2. Ads-
Our app may use some providers to show ads. These Ads providers can uses cookies only to recognize your device (as described above), then show ads that are related to our app’s type. We don’t share any user’s data with Facebook or other parties. For more information.
3. Analytics-
We use a third-party analytics tool, Google Analytics, to help us to see app insights and usage trends for the service. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our services, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other pages they use before coming to our services. We use the information get from Google Analytics only to enhance our services.
4. Log file -
The only situation we may get access to your information is when you reach us through email for feedback or to send us a bug log report. The data we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address, device information, location Information, and your survey response only.
How we use your information
In the above situation, we guarantee that your personal information will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use this information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further promote our products or to reveal your personal information to a third party for commercial gains. You have the right to ask us for verification on whether we are processing your Personal Data, and access to the Personal Data and related information on that processing. “Personal Data” is defined in the GDPR as any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more aspects specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person;
You have the right to ask us to delete your Personal Data, as granted by law. This right may be exercised among other things:
when your Personal Data is no longer essential for the intentions for which it was collected or otherwise processed;
when you withdraw consent on which processing is based on your consent and where there is no other legal ground for processing;
) when you object to processing which is essential for our legal interests and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or when you object to your Personal Data being used for direct marketing purposes;
when your Personal Data has been unlawfully processed. You have the right to request the restricting of our processing under restricted circumstances, including when the accuracy of your Personal Data is contested; You have the right to receive the Personal Data that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transfer that information to another controller, including to have it transmitted directly, where technically feasible.
Contact us
It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is completely up to you.
If you have any queries or suggestions concerning this Privacy Policy or our privacy system, please contact us at
crecodeapps@gmail.com