Privacy Policy (RECREATIVE Watch faces) - RECREATIVE ® Watch Faces - Minimal & Battery Efficient for Wear Os
We value your privacy
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Customize" to provide a controlled consent.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Customize Consent Preferences
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...  Show more
Necessary Always Active
Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data.
No cookies to display.
Functional
Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features.
No cookies to display.
Analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
No cookies to display.
Performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
No cookies to display.
Advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns.
No cookies to display.
Reject All
Save My Preferences
Accept All
Powered by
Skip to content
Privacy Policy (RECREATIVE Watch faces)
Last updated: August 21, 2023
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Permission Usage
Others
(view network connections & full network access, prevent device from sleeping): permissions are required for the complete functionality of our mobile application. Our mobile application operates as a webview, which is why it needs full internet access to ensure proper functionality. These permissions are essential to provide you with the intended experience and access to the content. Your privacy and data security remain our top priority, and we do not misuse or share any collected information.
The prevent device from sleeping permission is a requirement by Google for watch faces.
Body sensors
(body sensors like heart rate monitors): With your consent, this permission allows the Watch Face to utilize heart rate monitors.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Google Fit
Personal Information : In our mobile applications, there is a button that redirects you to
www.recreative-watch.com/newsletter , where you can subscribe to our newsletter. The information we collect through this process is not shared and is fully protected. Your privacy is important to us, and we ensure that any data collected remains confidential.
Non-Personal Information : The Application collects anonymous usage statistics, such as button taps, to help us understand usage patterns and improve the Application. This information is completely anonymous and cannot be used to identify you.
Location Data We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customise our Service. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings, or by following the instructions provided by Google in their  Privacy Policy .
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the  Google Privacy & Terms  web page.
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their  Privacy Policy .
We also encourage you to review  Google’s policy for safeguarding your data .
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the  Google Privacy & Terms  web page.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Firebase is the service that helps us send notifications when there is an update or an offer provided by RECREATIVE Watch Faces.
English ▼
Arabic
Chinese (Simplified)
Dutch
English
French
German
Italian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish