Privacy Policy - AllergyEats - AllergyEats
Please enable Javascript to enjoy the full features of AllergyEats.com
Powered by
Find Restaurants
Destination Guides
AllergyEats NYC
AllergyEats D.C.
AllergyEats Disney World
All Locations
Dining Tips
General Tips
Questions to Ask When Dining Out
From The Chef
Tips for Parents of Teens
Blog
The AllergyEats Blog
Top Lists
Restaurants
Food Allergy News
Interviews
Travel
Dining Out
Personal Stories
Legislation
Contact Us
Give Feedback
Add a Restaurant
Correct Restaurant Info
Add Other Allergies
Request AllergyEats Materials
For Restaurateurs
About Us
Our Story
Our Team
In The News
Press Releases
FAQ
For Restaurateurs
F
T
P
I
Login Create Profile Close The Leading Guide to Allergy Friendly Restaurants Nationwide User Name Password Login
with
AllergyEats Forgot User Name or Password? Registration is free and easy, allows you to rate restaurants, save favorites, earn recognition points, and more!
Register Now! E-mail Address Recover
my
User Name
or
Password
Back Login
with
Facebook Login
with
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Share
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated on November 17th, 2022. These updated Terms of Service are effective immediately for those with pre-existing accounts and those registering accounts after October 1, 2014.
1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY (the “PRIVACY POLICY”) ARE A LEGAL AND BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ALLERGYEATS, LLC (“AllergyEats”).
The Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service – User Agreement (the “Terms”) govern your use of both the AllergyEats website ( www.allergyeats.com ) (the “Site”) and the AllergyEats Mobile Application (the “Mobile App”). By using the Site and/or Mobile App, you explicitly agree to be bound by the provisions of the Privacy Policy. You shall also be subject to any additional terms posted with respect to individual sections of the Site and Mobile App.
Please review the Privacy Policy carefully and completely before you continue to use the Site and/or Mobile App. If you do not agree with any of the Terms’ provisions, please discontinue using the Site and the Mobile App.
2. TERMS OF SERVICE – USER AGREEMENT
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE (the “Terms”) ALSO GOVERN YOUR USE OF BOTH THE SITE AND THE MOBILE APP AND ARE PART OF THE LEGAL AND BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ALLERGYEATS.
Please carefully and completely review our
Terms of Service . By using the Site and/or the Mobile App, you explicitly agree to be bound by the provisions of the Terms. If you do not agree with any of the Privacy Policy’s provisions, please discontinue using the Site and the Mobile App.
3. CHANGES TO THE TERMS AND PRIVACY POLICY
AllergyEats expressly reserves the right to make changes to both the Terms and the Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason that it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. Changes to the Terms and the Privacy Policy shall take immediate effect and will apply to all pre-existing accounts and those accounts registering after the date of the changes without limitation. Users who have successfully registered with AllergyEats shall receive email notification of any substantive changes to the Terms or Privacy Policy within ten days of their taking effect. Despite these efforts to notify you of substantive changes, all users should check this page periodically to stay abreast of any changes to the Privacy Policy.
AllergyEats will never make changes to the Privacy Policy that violate any applicable privacy laws, including CAN-SPAM, Safe Harbor, PIPA, or other commercial privacy standards.
4. SCOPE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
This web site (www.allergyeats.com) (the “Site”) and the AllergyEats Mobile Application (the “Mobile App”) are operated and made available by AllergyEats, LLC. We refer to this organization as “AllergyEats,” “we” or “our.”
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect when you visit the Site and/or the Mobile App, how we use, share and protect it, what choices you have about how the information is used, and how you can access and update that information. If you do not agree with any provision of this Privacy Policy, please discontinue using the Site and/or Mobile App. This Privacy Policy applies to personally identifiable information collected on the Site and Mobile App where this Privacy Policy is posted.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personally identifiable information” means information that identifies a particular individual, such as name, postal address and e-mail address. When other information, such as e-mail and other Site preferences, is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also becomes personally identifiable information.
4. ALLERGYEATS IS A GUIDE ONLY
The purpose of AllergyEats, LLC, the Site, and the Mobile App is to provide a guide to allergy-friendly restaurants and businesses. AllergyEats does not guarantee that any of the information provided on the Site and/or Mobile App is accurate or complete.
The Site and the Mobile App provide a guide only that is in no way meant to be a replacement for contacting a particular restaurant or business to inquire about the ingredients, policies, and procedures it uses with respect to your unique allergy needs and other issues including intolerance.
Further, AllergyEats does not guarantee nor does it confirm that the restaurants and businesses associated with the Site and the Mobile App use adequate processes or other safeguards to prevent cross-contamination of allergens or other food products. AllergyEats also does not guarantee nor does it confirm the safety of food items for certain allergies.
5. ALLERGYEATS DOES NOT OFFER MEDICAL ADVICE
AllergyEats.com and its Mobile App do not offer medical advice. Information provided on this Site and the Mobile App is provided to you for informational purposes ONLY. None of the information provided is intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. It is not meant to be a substitute for the professional and personal advice provided by your own physician or dietitian.
Always consult your doctor or other qualified health care professional if you have any questions about a medical condition, or before taking any drugs or nutritional supplements, changing your diet or commencing or discontinuing any course of treatment.
Never disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking medical attention because of something you read on this website.
Always verify the safety of any food products with respect to your unique allergy(ies) or intolerance(s) by contacting the particular restaurant and/or manufacturer to make sure that the foods are safe for your consumption. It is and remains your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness, and usefulness of the information provided on the Site.
Statements and opinions expressed on the Site and the Mobile App should be viewed and used cautiously, and should be considered as an opinion of the individuals who expressed them, and not the view, ideas, opinions, or advice of AllergyEats. Information and statements provided on the Site and the Mobile App have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
6. INFORMATION YOU WILL BE ASKED TO PROVIDE AND INFORMATION COLLECTION
If you are interested in participating in activities on the Site and/or the Mobile App, you may need to provide us with information about yourself. For example, if you become a registered member, you will be asked to provide a user name, your name, an email address and a password of your choice. When registered, you will automatically begin to receive periodic emails from AllergyEats. However, you may subsequently choose to unsubscribe by following the steps discussed in the section titled “Email Policy” below. In addition, we may combine personally identifiable information that you have provided to us with other information that is publicly available or that we receive from other reputable sources.
In addition to information you choose to provide to us, we also collect non-personally identifiable information through technology to make both the Site and the Mobile App more interesting and useful to you. For instance, when you come to the Site or the Mobile App, we collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. An IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider). Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we also use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our visitors visit various parts of the Site. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information that you have provided to us and/or with other information that is publicly available or that we receive from other reputable sources in order to make the Site, the Mobile App, and communications more targeted to your interests.
Log-in areas on the Site require that your browser accept cookies. A cookie is a small amount of information that is sent from a web server to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. AllergyEats uses cookies to verify that you are properly signed in and to display information consistent with your settings, for example. AllergyEats may also use cookies from time to time to measure your response to new aspects of the Site and/or emails in an effort to continually improve customer service and Site usability.
Please be aware that a cookie cannot spread computer viruses, retrieve any other data from your hard drive, or capture your email address.
You can erase or block cookies from your computer if you wish to do so (your internet browser help screen or manual will thoroughly explain this process), but certain AllergyEats services, as well as parts of the Site, may not work correctly or will not work at all if your browser is set not to accept cookies.
All pages within the AllergyEats.com site and the AllergyEats.com/blog site employ traffic monitoring code that collects data on user activity. This data is then aggregated and analyzed to improve the site’s usability and provide more meaningful content for users. No personally identifiable information is collected.
We may share Site and/or Mobile App usage information about visitors to the Site and/or Mobile App with our web advertising partners for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements and for market research analysis on theSite. None of this information is personally identifiable information.
Once you have clicked on an advertisement and left the Site, our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you should read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personally identifiable information will be treated on its site.
7. EMAIL POLICY
By registering for the Site and/or Mobile App, you consent to initially receiving periodic emails from AllergyEats. If you would like to unsubscribe from automatically receiving emails from AllergyEats, please follow the directions to SafeUnsubscribe at the bottom of any of the emails you receive from AllergyEats.
You will never receive email from any third party affiliated with AllergyEats, such as a restaurant, unless you have affirmatively opted to receive such email. In accordance with our Privacy Policy, we do not share any of your individual information without your prior consent.
8. PURPOSES AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
AllergyEats may use your personally identifiable information to enhance your experience on the Site and/or the Mobile App, provide you with informational and/or promotional materials that you might find interesting, and for purposes consistent with this policy. In particular, AllergyEats may use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide more customized query results;
To provide you with information about the services of the Site and the Mobile App;
To provide services which Registered Users are entitled to under applicable terms and conditions;
To produce aggregate statistical data for the improvement of services offered by the Site and the Mobile App;
To provide you with updates to our privacy policy and other administrative communications;
To provide you with dining coupons and other products and services of the Site and the Mobile App; and
For any other purposes related to those above.
9. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We take very seriously our responsibility to maintain your privacy with respect to your personally identifiable information. AllergyEats will never sell, rent, loan or otherwise distribute any of your personal information (including but not limited to your name, email address, or any other identifiable information about you) to any third party without your prior expressed written consent, except with respect to the following entities, and only in the manner described below.
AllergyEats does use aggregate data (based partly on IP addresses of site visitors) collected through its website to analyze website usability, system performance and usage trends. While this data, in its aggregate form only, may be shared with third parties with whom AllergyEats works to analyze it, the data will only be shared under the strictest terms of confidentiality and will never contain any personally identifiable information pertaining to any user of the Site or the Mobile App.
If you choose to provide feedback on your dining experience by rating a restaurant and/or providing any feedback in the blog or message board, any feedback you provide may be shared with other diners to enhance information on the Site and the Mobile App and/or with restaurants to let restaurants know how they are doing. Your feedback will not be publicized in a way that is attributable to you by name, email address, or any other identifiable form, with the exception of your user name, unless you choose to provide that information within your feedback itself.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this privacy policy, AllergyEats may be required to disclose user and personal information in response to inquiries by formal law enforcement, or in cases permitted by the United State’s CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (CAN-SPAM), the European Union’s Safe Harbor Provisions (“Safe Harbor”), Japan’s Personal Information Protection Act (“PIPA”), or other related privacy laws and regulations.
10. VIEWING YOUR PROFILE AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Once a registered user logs on to the Site and/or the Mobile App, that member can view his or her personal information stored by AllergyEats by clicking on the “My Profile” link at the top of the page. Every user may also view and change the following personal information: name, user name, email address, password, address (if it has been provided by the user), and whether that user would like to continue to receive marketing communications from AllergyEats. Members can provide and share restaurant comments and feedback about the restaurants affiliated with the the Site and Mobile App. Members at any time may contact AllergyEats to request that all personal information be deactivated.
11. RATINGS
The Site and the Mobile App is founded on the principle that real people with real food allergies rate restaurants based on their own personal experiences. AllergyEats does not, in any way, influence, edit or falsify ratings. Further, a restaurant with no ratings does not mean that the restaurant is not allergy friendly, it simply means that the restaurant has not yet been rated.
12. RESTAURANTS AND BUSINESSES IN ALLERGYEATS NETWORK
The restaurants and other businesses within the Site and Mobile App are separate businesses from AllergyEats. AllergyEats will not be responsible if these restaurants or other businesses fail to comply with the provisions of this Privacy Policy or otherwise fail to undertake precautions to protect your information. Any complaints or inquiries regarding use of your information by an external restaurant or business, or marketing communications from an external restaurant or business should be addressed directly to the restaurant or business in question.
Restaurants within the AllergyEats network may also have their own websites. AllergyEats is not responsible for how these businesses collect your personal information through their own websites. Please contact the appropriate business regarding its website’s privacy policy (if applicable) and how it will access or use your personal information.
13. HOW ALLERGYEATS PROTECTS YOUR REGISTRATION INFORMATION
AllergyEats uses a state-of-the-art multi-layer encryption algorithm and makes its best efforts to ensure that all of your user information is secure. In addition, AllergyEats stores all of your personal information on a secure server. AllergyEats employs a staff that regularly maintains the security of all personal information stored, and that continually monitors and implements changes and improvements that become available in the electronic data security industry.
14. DISCLOSURE AND SUSPENSION OF USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you wish to have AllergyEats disclose to you the personal information held by AllergyEats and the means through which AllergyEats obtained such information, or if you desire the information’s correction, suspension of use, deletion from our servers, or to be informed of the purpose of use by AllergyEats, please contact AllergyEats. (Contact information is provided in the “Contact Us” section below.) Upon receiving the request, AllergyEats shall meet such request pursuant to the provisions of each applicable privacy regulation after it confirms that such request has been made by you personally.
Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If, due to human error or otherwise, you continue to receive our communications, please contact us again and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
15. LINKS TO OTHER SITES
We may provide links on the Site and the Mobile App to other sites or mobile applications. These sites operate independently of AllergyEats and may have established their own privacy and security policies. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and or the Mobile App and to read these policies at any site you visit.
16. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN USER CONTENT
Some sections of the Site and the Mobile App may allow users to post or transmit messages, comments, screen names, computer files and other materials. AllergyEats does not monitor such transmissions, and therefore cannot be responsible for any personally identifiable information or other information that may be contained in such transmissions.
17.
ADVERTISING
This site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here:
www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
18. CONTACT US
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at  administrator@allergyeats.com
Advertisement
AllergyEats Guide to Disney World AllergyEats New York City
•
•
•
•
•
We’d LOVE to hear from you!
Send us your feedback.
©2023 AllergyEats, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
AllergyEats is the leading guide to
finding food allergy-friendly restaurants
(and those not so friendly) across the United States. At AllergyEats, users can
find and rate restaurants
in any city based on the restaurant’s ability to accommodate diners with food allergies, including dairy, peanut, tree nut, fish, seafood, soy, sesame, wheat and egg allergies, as well as those with Celiac Disease, gluten sensitivity, and other dietary conditions.
Users can also save favorite restaurants, share search results or reviews, follow other diners with similar food allergies, make restaurant reservations, view restaurant menus and more – all for free on the AllergyEats app and website.
In addition to being able to find and rate restaurants from Boston to San Diego, Seattle to Miami, and anywhere in between (plus Hawaii and Alaska!), AllergyEats also has a very popular page devoted to those vacationing in Disney World,
AllergyEats Disney World , where users can find and rate restaurants in the parks, hotels, and surrounding Orlando area based on the “allergy-friendliness” of those dining facilities. And with our newly re-designed app, you can find restaurants, share results, get directions, see menus, make reservations, and more - all from the road.
Use the AllergyEats website, blog, and app to plan your trips and for unplanned stops along the way.
Close
Close
✕ Do not sell or share my personal information. You have chosen to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your information from this site and any of its affiliates. To opt back in please click the "Customize my ad experience" link.
This site collects information through the use of cookies and other tracking tools. Cookies and these tools do not contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that would be stored about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from them. This information would be used and shared for Analytics, Ad Serving, Interest Based Advertising, among other purposes.
For more information please visit this site's Privacy Policy. CANCEL CONTINUE × Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.
Do not sell or share my personal information. A Raptive Partner Site