Privacy Policy | GymMaster
Get Started
Home
Features
24/7 Access Control
Integrated Billing
Member's App
Point of
Sale
Membership
Management
Online Booking
Online Signups
Automation
& Marketing
Pricing
Support
Contact
Login
Home
Features
24/7 Access Control
Integrated Billing
Member's App
Point of
Sale
Membership
Management
Online Booking
Online Signups
Automation &
Marketing
Pricing
Support
Contact
Login
Get Started
GymMaster Privacy Policy
Here at GymMaster, we take your privacy seriously. This privacy policy is here to ensure that we are giving you a clear understanding of how we treat personal information collected by facilities and their members.
By using our website, app and services, you consent to the terms of this policy and agree to be bound by it.
GymMaster collects personal information
GymMaster is a membership management system that provides gym and and health club facilities a simple and effective way of managing their business, amenities, and members.
This service involves storing data about a company or individual. This data can include personal information. “Personal Information” is information about an identifiable individual,
and may include information such as an individual’s, name, address, telephone number, email address, location, image, and login information.
You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information we hold about you, and to ask for it to be correct if you think it is wrong. If you’d like to ask for a copy of your information, or to have it corrected, please contact us.
Name and address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other provisions related to data protection is:
Treshna Enterprises
EPIC Innovation
78-106 Manchester Street
Christchurch 8011
New Zealand
Phone: 64 3 974 9169
Email: data.officer@gymmaster.com
Website: www.gymmaster.com
Cookies & Google Analytics
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to help us analyse how users use our site.
A cookie is a small data file able to track the online movements of an individual,
and distinguish between different users. Our website uses session cookies to ensure that you have a good user experience.
You may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used,
and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies.
We use Google Analytics to help us to understand how you make use of our content and work out how we can make things better.
These cookies follow your progress through our website, collecting anonymous data on where you have come from, which pages you visit,
and how long you spend on the site.
This data is then stored by Google in order to create reports. These cookies do not store your personal data.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, including your IP address, may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Google’s website contains further information about
Analytics
and a copy of Google’s
privacy policy
pages.
GymMaster collects, holds and uses personal information for limited purposes
GymMaster collects personal information so that we can provide you with services.
In doing so, GymMaster may use the personal information we have collected for purposes related to the services including to:
Provide members with a personalised facility booking & account management service as an extension of the facility’s service,
Identify and authenticate member login,
To provide the facility the ability to contact members,
To automatically check members into classes by using location,
To provide the facility the ability to track attendance, progress & billing activities,
To provide the facility with integration with third parties such as billing providers and accounting software.
Allow GymMaster to collate anonymised statistics on member demographics and facility usage
All passwords are non-reversibly encrypted. However it is your responsibility to keep your password to the service safe and secure.
You should change your password immediately should you become aware of any misuse of your password using the “Forgot Password” process.
GymMaster may receive personal information from you about others
Facilities that use GymMaster may provide personal information about other individuals.
It is the facility’s responsibility to ensure they are authorized to disclose that information with GymMaster and that,
without GymMaster taking any further steps required by applicable data protection or privacy laws,
GymMaster may collect, use and disclose such information for the purposes described in this policy.
GymMaster does not store credit card information
GymMaster does not store credit card information. Should you choose to enter your credit card information for your membership,
your credit card details are encrypted and securely sent over a connection directly to the facility’s billing provider.
GymMaster only stores bank account information in the instance of the facility opting to do manual billing. The vast majority of facility billing is done automatically,
in which case bank account information is encrypted and securely sent over a connection directly to the facility’s billing provider.
GymMaster discloses your personal information to your fitness provider
Besides our staff, we share this information with your facility in order to update your bookings and personal details in their system.
Any information collected from our users will not be sold, shared, or rented to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this privacy statement.
You can choose not to share your personal information with GymMaster, but it may mean that we are unable to provide you with the service.
GymMaster holds your personal information on servers located across the world
GymMaster stores your data on a server close to you. We use top tier, third party data hosting providers in The United States, Singapore, Australia, and Germany.
GymMaster takes steps to protect your personal information
GymMaster is committed to protecting the security of your personal information and we take reasonable precautions to protect it from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
However, the Internet is not in itself a secure environment and we cannot give an absolute assurance that your information will be secure at all times.
Transmission of personal information over the Internet is at your own risk and you should only enter,
or instruct the entering of, personal information to the service within a secure environment (look for https:// at the beginning of the URL)
Rights of the data subject
Please refer to
this document
for GymMaster’s GDPR policy.
Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
This policy may be updated at any time
We retain the right to amend this privacy statement at any time.
Get started now for a tour and free no-card gym software trial today
sales@gymmaster.com
Phone
+1 415 300 1388
Phone
(415) 915 0375
Phone
(61) 1800 849001 TOLL-FREE
Phone
(03) 668-5727
Phone
(604) 706-1239
Phone
(44) 203 8704410
Get Started
GYMMASTER FEATURES
24/7 Gym access control
Integrated billing
Member's app
POS & inventory
Membership management
Online booking
Online sign-up
Go mobile
Marketing & retention automation
Integrations
Tailgating detection
Scheduling
PRODUCT
Hardware
Custom branded key fobs
Custom branded apps
Custom development
Pricing
Card reader API
API
Billing Providers
GYMMASTER SUPPORT
Resources
Support
Client portal setup
App setup guide
App introduction
Software requirements
What's New
System Status
Company
Success Stories
About us
Contact
Integrations
Affiliate program
Blog
Security policy
GymMaster & GDPR
Treshna Enterprises Ltd.
2023 © Treshna Enterprses Ltd.
Terms of trade
Privacy policy
Cancel Membership
We use cookies to provide the best user and customer service experience.
By using this website and clicking agree, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance to this policy.
If you would prefer to opt out, please
click this link
and send us a request.
I Accept Cookies
×
We have Support Agents Based in
Australia
New Zealand