Wegensend Privacy Policy Home About Login Sign Up Privacy Policy WegenSend Privacy Policy This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection of information or You provide us, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of Our Site. This website is run and provided by  Wegen Technology Solution PLC ("Wegen Tech", "we", "us", "our")
having its registered office at Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. In this Privacy Policy, references to "You" and "Your" are references to a user of our website and/or of our Mobile App. Introduction Wegen Technology is committed to protecting and respecting Your privacy and data and using of that information in accordance with this policy. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding Your personal data and how we will treat it. Our service is not advertisement supported; and we will NEVER sell your personal data. We do not share your data with any third parties unless it is for the reasons outlines in this policy. What information Wegen Technology collects about You We may collect, record and use information about You in physical and electronic form during our fundraising services and will hold, use and otherwise process the data in accordance with the Data Protection Legislation and as set out in this Privacy Policy. The personal data we collect and process may include, among others: Sender contact information such as Your Name, Your email address, telephone number (or any telephone number used to call our customer services) and home address; Evidence of Your identity (for example passport information) – only if you are receiving donations; Beneficiary contact information such name, email, phone, address and bank account details. Unique identifiers such as username, account number and password; How we collect information about You Information You give to us when You use our services.
If You use our services You will need to provide certain information including Your name and address as well as the name and other details the recipients of the fundraisings that you instruct us to carry out. Other information You give to us.
This is information about You that You give us by filling in forms on our site (e.g.: the ‘contact us’ section) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes, for example, information You provide when You register on the site for us to contact You, and when You report a problem with our site. The information You give us may include, among other data, Your name and e-mail address. Social Media.
Depending on Your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter, You might give us permission to access information from those accounts or services. How Wegen Tech uses Your Information Our primary purpose in collecting user information is to provide You with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customised experience and to provide the services You have requested from us. We may also use the information that You have provided to ensure that the content on our site is presented in the most effective manner for You and Your computer or device. We use Your information for the following specific purposes: to register You with a WegenSend  account; to send You confirmations on successful payment; to notify You about changes to our services; to notify You about the transfer of fund. to prevent fraud; to send You marketing communications, provided that You have given us Your contact details in the course of a sale (or of negotiations for a sale) of our products or services and that you do not decide to opt out. to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; as part of our efforts to keep our site and our services safe and secure; to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to You and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to You; to make suggestions and recommendations to You and other users of our site about services that may interest You or them; and to display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements, where You have agreed with a third-party review site that we may do so. If You wish to update or delete Your testimonial, You can contact us using this form. Legal grounds for using Your personal information The law permits us to process Your personal data in the way we do because the processing is: necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests that we pursue, which are: to run and administer our business; to prevent fraud; to provide you with our services; to evaluate, develop or improve our services; to keep you informed about relevant products and services you are using; to discharge our legal obligations to store and disclose information where necessary; and/or to provide You with an efficient and smooth customer experience; necessary for the performance of our contract with You to provide You with our services; necessary in order to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject; or permitted by You, because You have given us consent. Sharing Your information The following categories of recipients may receive Your personal information and process it for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy: We may disclose data to provide our services, to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, liaise with judicial or regulatory authorities where required under applicable law, and protect our rights and property. We may share data with credit reference agencies to verify Your identity or recipients of the fundraising through the Service, if this is necessary to provide You with our services, respond to Your enquiries or for any other related purposes, and We may share data with fraud prevention agencies who may use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify Your identity (please note that those who commit fraud can be refused services, finance or employment. Further details of how Your information will be used by us and these fraud prevention agencies can be found by contacting us at support@WegenSend.com). We may also share Your personal information with: other companies we have instructed to provide services to or for us; (e.g. payment gateway) other third parties for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the circumstances in which the information was submitted; other business entities, should we plan to merge with, or be acquired by, or be invested in by that business entity, or if we undergo a corporate re-organisation; any successor in interest, in the event of a liquidation or administration of Wegen Technology; and charities or non-governmental organisations may get a report to fulfil their legal requirements; and to any other third party, but only subject to Your prior consent. Links to Other Sites Our website may also contain links to other sites, including via our social media buttons. While we try to link only to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other websites and a link does not constitute an endorsement of that website. Once You follow link to another website from our website You are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including, but not limited to, its internet privacy policy and practices. Please check these policies before You submit any data to these websites. We also allow Organisations to show link to their websites on their WegenSend page. We are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by the Organisation or its website and a link does not constitute an endorsement of either. Once You follow a link to another website from our website You are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including, but not limited to, its internet privacy policy and practices. Please check these policies before submitting any data to this website. How we protect Your information We ensure that there are appropriate technical, physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards in place to protect Your personal details from unauthorised access. We also follow industry standards by ensuring that Your financial details such as credit card number are transmitted to secure, trusted payment gateways without passing through our servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet (including by email) is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect Your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of Your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at Your own risk. Once we have received Your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. How long we keep Your information We will only keep the information we collect about You for as long as required for the purposes set out above, or as required to comply with any legal obligations to which we are subject. This will involve us regularly reviewing our files to check that information is accurate, up-to-date and still required. The period for which we will retain information about You will vary depending on the type of information and the purposes that we use it for. In general, we will keep our records for up to 7 years after you have terminated your relationship with us, in order to comply with our legal obligations. We may retain Your contact information collected for the purposes of sending You marketing communications in accordance with this policy for as long as You do not unsubscribe from receiving the same from us. Opting Out Where required by Data Protection Legislation, You will be given a choice when You provide us with Your personal information to opt in or opt out of receiving marketing communications. You have the option of "unsubscribing" from our mailing list for marketing communications, alerts and updates at any time, thereby disabling any further marketing e-mail communication from being sent to You. Details of how to unsubscribe will be included on each electronic mailing we send You. Alternatively, just send an email to support@WegenSend.com with "URGENT – UNSUBSCRIBE REQUEST" in the subject line and the email address that You wish to be removed within the email. We will action any opt out request from You without delay. Your rights At any time, You have the right: to be informed about the processing of Your personal data (i.e., for what purposes, what type of personal data, to what recipients it is disclosed, storage periods, any third-party sources from it was obtained, confirmation of whether we undertake automated decision-making, including profiling, and the logic, significance and envisaged consequences). Reading this Privacy Policy forms part of Your right to be informed; to request access to or a copy of any personal data which we hold about You; to rectification of Your personal data, if You consider that it is inaccurate or not up-to-date; to ask us to delete Your personal data, if You consider that we do not have the right to hold it; to withdraw consent to our processing of Your personal data (to the extent such processing is based on previously obtained consent); to ask us to stop or start sending You marketing messages at any time by using the below contact details; to restrict processing of Your personal data; to object to Your personal data being processed in certain circumstances. You can contact us at support@WegenSend.com if you want to enforce any of these rights. We will comply with our legal obligations with regards to Your rights as a data subject. Any request for access to Your personal data must be in writing and we will endeavour to respond within a reasonable period and in any event within one month (three months for complex or numerous requests), in compliance with Data Protection Legislation. We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee (reflecting the costs of providing the information) or to refuse to respond where requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive: in this case, we will explain the situation to You and we will inform You about Your rights. We aim to ensure that the information we hold about You is accurate at all times. To assist us in ensuring that Your information is up to date, You will need to let us know if any of Your personal details change. Upon your request, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the data is accurate, and we will rectify any personal data that is incorrect promptly and in any case within one month of Your request. We use Cookies Like most websites, we use "cookies" to help us make our site – and the way You use it – better. Cookies mean that a website will remember You. They're small text files that sites transfer to Your computer (or phone / tablet). They improve website use and speed – for example by automatically filling Your name and address in text fields. All the cookies we use on our site are functional, and relevant to Our service to You. This may be, for instance: to help you login to our site; to help you remember your site preferences; to ensure the security of our services; (e.g. CSRF Cookie). We do not use advertising on our website, and have no Cookies for that purpose. However, where you choose to use third-party services such as signing in using your Social Accounts (e.g. Google/Facebook Login) then you agree that those sites may set cookies on your device. Changes to this Privacy Policy Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to You by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy. Questions & Complaints Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to: Addis Ababa, Ethiopia Email: support@WegenSend.com Home About Us
Copyright © 2023
Wegen Tech . All Rights Reserved. Terms Privacy