Untitled document Published using Google Docs Report abuse Learn more Untitled document Updated automatically every 5 minutes PRIVACY POLICY : Pikosta Apps The Pikosta Apps Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information when you use Pikosta Apps's products and services. Pikosta Apps Payments is offered to Pikosta Apps Account holders and your use of it is subject to the Pikosta Apps Privacy Policy. In addition, this Privacy Notice describes Pikosta Apps privacy practices that are specific to Pikosta Apps Payments. Your use of Pikosta Apps Payments is governed by the Pikosta Apps Payments Terms of Service, which describes in more detail the Services covered by this Privacy Notice. Capitalized terms not defined in this Pikosta Apps Payments Privacy Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Pikosta Apps Payments Terms of Service. The Pikosta Apps Payments Privacy Notice applies to Services offered by Pikosta Apps wholly owned subsidiaries, including Pikosta Apps Payment Corp. ("GPC"). Please consult the Pikosta Apps Payments Terms of Service made available to you within the Service to learn the subsidiary offering the Service. Information we collect In addition to the information listed in the Pikosta Apps Privacy Policy we may also collect the following: Registration information  - When you sign up for Pikosta Apps Payments, you are creating a Pikosta Apps Payments Account that is associated with your Pikosta Apps Account. Depending on the Pikosta Apps Payments services you use, in addition to the information listed in the Pikosta Apps Privacy Policy, you may be asked to provide the following information: Credit or debit card number and card expiration date, bank account number and expiration date, address, phone number, date of birth, social security number or taxpayer identification number (or some other government-issued identification number), and for sellers or businesses specifically, your business category and certain information about your sales or transaction volume. In some cases, we may also ask you to send us additional information or to answer additional questions to help verify your information. Finally, if you register a Carrier or Operator Billing Account, we will ask you to provide us with certain information about your Carrier or Operator account. Information obtained from third parties  - We may obtain information about you from third parties, including third party verification services. This includes information arising from Pikosta Apps Payments transactions at merchant locations, information regarding your use of payment methods and your accounts issued by third parties that are linked to the Pikosta Apps Payments, the identity of your card issuer or financial institution, information regarding access to balances held in your Pikosta Apps Payments Account, information from a Carrier or Operator in connection with Carrier or Operator Billing, and consumer reports, as the term "consumer reports" is defined by the US Fair Credit Reporting Act. Also, for sellers, we may obtain information about you and your business from a credit bureau or a business information service. Transaction information  - When you use Pikosta Apps Payments to conduct a transaction, we may collect information about the transaction, including: Date, time and amount of the transaction, the merchant's location and description, a description provided by the seller of the goods or services purchased, any photo you choose to associate with the transaction, the names and email addresses of the seller and buyer (or sender and recipient), the type of payment method used, your description of the reason for the transaction, and the offer associated with the transaction, if any. How we use the information we collect In addition to the uses listed in the Pikosta Apps Privacy Policy, we use the information you provide to us and to GPC or other of our subsidiaries, as well as information about you from third parties, in order to provide you with Pikosta Apps Payments for customer service purposes, and to protect you from fraud, phishing or other misconduct. Such information may also be used to assist third parties in the provision of products or services that you request from them. We also use the information to review your Pikosta Apps Payments Account to determine whether you continue to meet the terms of the account, to make decisions about your future Pikosta Apps Payments transactions, and for other legitimate business needs related to the Pikosta Apps Payments transactions initiated by you. Your registration information is stored in association with your Pikosta Apps Account and your registration of a payment method will be stored on Pikosta Apps's servers. In addition, certain data elements may also be stored on your mobile device. We may retain the information you provide for extended periods of time for the purpose of complying with legal process and regulatory obligations. Information we share We will only share your personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Pikosta Apps in the following circumstances: As permitted under the Pikosta Apps Privacy Policy. As necessary to process your transaction and maintain your account. To complete your registration for a service provided by a third party. To inform a third party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Pikosta Apps Payments account that can be used for making payment to that merchant. For example, when you make a purchase or transaction using Pikosta Apps Payments, we make certain personal information about you available to the company or individual you purchase from or transact with. This includes sharing your personal information with the developer from whom you purchased when you use Pikosta Apps Payments to make a purchase on Pikosta Apps Play. When you add a third party form of payment to your Pikosta Apps Payments Account, we may exchange certain personal information about you, such as your name, profile image, email, IP and billing address, phone number, device info, location, and Pikosta Apps Account activity info, with the third party payment provider as necessary to provide the service. When you visit a participating merchant site or app, the merchant can check whether you have a Pikosta Apps Payments account with an eligible form of payment that can be used to pay the merchant, in order to reduce the likelihood that you will see unusable features on sites or apps. Any information you provide directly to a third party merchant, website or application is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of merchants or other third parties with whom you choose to share your personal information directly. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party to whom you choose to share your personal information directly. The information that we collect, including information obtained from third parties, is shared with our affiliates, meaning other companies owned and controlled by Pikosta Apps . Our affiliates, which can be financial and non-financial entities, will use such information for their everyday business purposes. We provide you with the right to opt out of certain sharing between GPC and its affiliates. Specifically, you may choose to opt out of: Sharing between GPC and its affiliates of information about your creditworthiness for their everyday business purposes; and/or, Our affiliates marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that we collect and share with them. This information includes your account history with us. You may also choose to opt out of Pikosta Apps or its affiliates informing a third party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Pikosta Apps Payments account that can be used for payment to that merchant. If you choose to opt out, your choice will be effective until you tell us to change your choice. If you don't want us to share personal information about your creditworthiness between GPC and its affiliates, or if you do not want our affiliates to use your personal information collected by us and shared with them to market to you, or if you do not want Pikosta Apps or its affiliates to inform a third party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Pikosta Apps Payments account that can be used for payment to that merchant, please indicate your preference by logging into your account, going to the Pikosta Apps Payments privacy settings page, and updating your preferences. We will not share your personal information with anyone outside of GPC or with our affiliates except as described in this privacy notice. As explained above, Pikosta Apps Payments is a product offered to Pikosta Apps Account holders. Data you provide to Pikosta Apps for the purpose of signing up for a Pikosta Apps Account is not affected by the opt-out provisions in this notice. Information security For more information about our security practices, please see the main Pikosta Apps Privacy Policy. The security of your Pikosta Apps Payments Account depends on you keeping your account password(s), PINs, and other access information for the Service confidential. If you share your account information with a third party, he or she will have access to your account and your personal information. It is your responsibility to control access to your mobile device and the Pikosta Apps Payments application on your device, including keeping your password(s) and/or PIN confidential and not sharing it with anyone. It is also your responsibility to alert Pikosta Apps or the relevant partner if you believe that the security of the information in the Pikosta Apps Payments application has been compromised.