Orda | Privacy Policy Orda logo Sign up Open menu Products Pricing Case Studies Login Sign up Privacy Policy Orda operates the
https://www.getorda.com
website and the Orda and all mobile apps that are using Orda platform mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the Service). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (Personal Data). Personally, identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (Usage Data). This Usage Data may include information such as your computers Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
USE OF DATA
Orda uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
TRANSFER OF DATA
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside Canada and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Canada and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Orda will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
SECURITY OF DATA
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Orda will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Orda aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us via email at support@getorda.com In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights: The right to access, update, or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update, or request the deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you. The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data. The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information. The
right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format. The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Orda relied on your consent to process your personal information. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
SERVICE PROVIDERS
Apple Store In-App Payments: Their Privacy Policy can be viewed
here
Google Play In-App Payments: Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
here
Stripe: Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
here
Square: Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
here
Table Of Contents
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
USE OF DATA
TRANSFER OF DATA
SECURITY OF DATA
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
SERVICE PROVIDERS
Footer Sign Up - It's easy Resources About Us Pricing Partners Program Blog Press Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use Cases Coffee Shop Pizza Juice Bar Restaurant All-in-one Sites Enterprise Food Truck Retail & Ecommerce Cloud Kitchen Cannabis & Hemp Support Email Support Community Help Center Talk To An Expert © Orda,
2023 . All rights reserved. Instagram Facebook Linkedin Youtube