Privacy Policy - Liberty State Bank
Skip Navigation
Checking
Checking
Checking Home
Regular Checking
NOW Account
Super NOW Account
Money Market Account
Savings
Savings
Savings Home
Regular Savings
Certificate of Deposit
IRA's
SEP Plan
Coverdell Education
Services
Services
Services Home
Loans
Insurance
Credit & Debit Cards
Other Services
About Us
About Us
About Us Home
Our History
Board of Directors
Privacy Policy
Locations
Contact Us
Digital Banking
Login
Privacy Policy
First Bank and Trust Company Privacy Policy, facts about how First Bank and Trust Company handles your sensitive information"
FACTS
WHAT DOES LIBERTY STATE BANK
DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Bank of Mead chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
First Bank and Trust Company Privacy Policy Section 2: Why First Bank and Trust Company Shares your personal information
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Liberty State Bank Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes
-
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes
-
to offer our products and services to you
No
We don't share
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
-
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
-
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
First Bank and Trust Company Privacy Policy Section 3: Contact information regarding any Questions.
Questions?
Call 701-464-5421
or go to
www.libertystateplnd.com
First Bank and Trust Company Privacy Policy Part 4: Definitions
What We Do
How does Liberty State Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information.
How does Liberty State Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or deposit money
pay your bills or apply for a loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non financial companies.
Our affiliates include nonfinancial companies, such as Liberty Insurance Agency
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Liberty State Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Liberty State Bank doesn't jointly market.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
*APY = Annual Percentage Yield
Powered by DCI
Back to Top