Privacy & Policy Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy & Policy Photo Collage Photo Editor 1. PRIVACY OVERVIEW - This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Photo Collage Photo Editor through our Mobile Applications and how we use that information. Also Our Product Category such as Photography, Video, Entertainment, Tools, Utility, Personalization. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using Photo Collage Photo Editor would be collected. By using our apps you understand and agree that we are Providing a Platform for you to Post content, including Photos, Voices, Comments and Other Materials, to the Product and to share User Content Publicly. 2. INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT - Information that we get about you from other services Such as Google Play and others. This information includes: * READ PHONE STATUS AND IDENTITY. - This permission allows Photo Collage Photo Editor to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone. * READ YOUR TEXT MESSAGES (SMS or MMS) - We do not save or upload your messages. We use this Permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone. * TAKE PICTURES AND VIDEO - This Permission allows Photo Collage Photo Editor to use your device’s camera to take Photos / Videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash. We do not save or upload your photos/videos. * READ YOUR CONTACTS - Photo Collage Photo Editor does not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts Photo Collage Photo Editor Search bar. * CONNECT AND DISCONNECT FROM WI-FI - This permission is used in Photo Collage Photo Editor settings and notification tool bar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi. * DEVICE INFORMATION - Device-specific information such as your hardware model and operating system version. We DO NOT collect any of your unique identification. * ANONYMOUS IDENTIFIERS - We use anonymous identifiers when you interact with services such as advertising services and others. * ADJUST YOUR WALLPAPER SIZE - This permission allows users to crop Photo Collage Photo Editor wallpaper to the desired size. * SET WALLPAPER - This permission allows users to set a selected Photo Collage Photo Editor image as their wallpaper. * PHOTOS, MEDIA, FILES - Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage Test access to Protected storage. When user recommends friends to download Photo Collage Photo Editor by sharing to Social Network, we need to save an introduction picture to be shared on SD card. We won’t access other file on SD card. * CAMERA USES - We use camera captured images to process image , if you would like to save your edited image , it will be saved in your phone gallery or photo album . Unless you share using our app enables social networks , your photo wont be shared by our app. * STORAGE DISCLOSURE - We use read and write permission for storage . Storage permission is required when you want to select image for editing or you want to save your edited image in gallery or photo album. - We recommend that you carefully check the updated content every time , when you continue to use our products or services ,we shall always assume that you agree to the terms and conditions that are effective at the present time. 3. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION - We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure. 4. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION - We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public or Photo Collage Photo Editor. 5. INFORMATION SECURITY - Photo Collage Photo Editor is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable. 6. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY - We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. 7. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY - Photo Collage Photo Editor may, in its sole discretion, Change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically. 8. THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISEMENT - When you use Photo Collage Photo Editor Mobile applications on Android, we do not retrieve or store any personal information about you. We do check if certain application is installed on your phone before we display an advertisement for the application (To avoid displaying advertisement for an app that is already on your phone) - We also use Google Admob SDK and Facebook Ads for advertisements in our applications. We also use "Home Campaign Advertisement" to promote our other application. We show this home campaign advertisement under the label "More Apps by/from Developer" or "Re-commanded Apps" or Any Other Label. Remember, though, there could be errors in the programming, and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects. - For more information regarding
Google Admob
SDK, you can directly visit it's relevant website. 9. CONTACTING US / REPORTING - If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, the Services or the Site, please contact us at Photocollageplaza@gmail.com. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse