Privacy Policy
- American Society for Histocompatibility and Immunogenetics
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are used for visitor analysis, others are essential to making our site function properly and improve the user experience. By using this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Click Accept to consent and dismiss this message or Deny to leave this website. Read our
Privacy Statement
for more.
Accept
Deny
Print Page
|
Report Abuse
|
Sign In
|
Join
ASHI is the community. A group of people all moving toward one goal and that's taking care of our patients as well as we can.
- Peter Lalli, PhD, D(ABHI)
Toggle navigation MENU About Us
Become a member Members Only The ASHI Store ASHI Board of Directors ASHI Committees Operations
Bylaws Code of Ethics Operations Manual Travel Expenses History Contact HQ Staff Education Awards
Scientific Awards Meetings
Meeting Recording and Resources International Summer School Career Center Publications Lab Programs
Proficiency Testing Accreditation
Accreditation Payment Center ASHI Standards Certification
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Privacy Policy
Share
|
Click
here
for a printable version.
ASHI
Privacy Policy This privacy policy governs the manner
in which ASHI collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected
from users (each, a "User") of the www.ashi-hla.org website
("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products
and services offered by ASHI.   Personally
identifiable information We may collect personally identifiable
information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to,
when Users visit our site, respond to a survey, fill out a form, attend our
meetings, and in connection with other activities, services, features or
resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as
appropriate, name, email address, and phone number. Users may, however, visit
our Site anonymously. We will collect personally identifiable information from
Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always
refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except that it may
prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.   Non-personally
identifiable information We may collect non-personally
identifiable information about Users whenever they interact with our Site.
Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type
of computer, and technical information about Users means of connection to our
Site, such as the operating system, the Internet service providers utilized,
and other similar information.   Web
browser cookies Our Site may use "cookies" to
enhance User experience. A user's web browser places cookies on their hard
drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about
them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert
you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the
Site may not function properly.   How
we use collected information ASHI may collect and use Users’ personal
information for the following purposes: Ø
To improve customer service Information
you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support
needs more efficiently. Ø
To personalize user experience We
may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use
the services and resources provided on our Site. Ø
To improve our Site We may use the feedback you provide to
improve our products and services. Ø
To send periodic emails and e-newsletters We may use the User’s email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If a User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Ø
To provide targeted services and content   How
we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection,
storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against
unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal
information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on
our Site.   Sharing
your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’
personally identifiable information to others. We may share generic aggregated
demographic information not linked to any personally identifiable information
regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates,
and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.   Third
party websites Users may find advertising or other
content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners,
suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not
control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible
for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition,
these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly
changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and
customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other websites,
including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's
own terms and policies.   Virtual
Meeting and Webinar Recordings ASHI reserves
the right to record webinars and other virtual workshops for educational
purposes via platforms like Zoom and GoToWebinar. These videos are placed on
ASHI University, Vimeo, and YouTube. Those who do not wish to be recorded can
still consent and join these virtual sessions without using their cameras. They
can also opt out of joining the live virtual session and watch the recording
later. This policy
excludes the Communications, Engagement, and Marketing Committee (CEMC) and the
International Committee. ASHI Board, committee, and task force meetings are not
to be recorded. The CEMC and International Committees must follow the
guidelines outlined in the
ASHI Operations Manual , including
but not limited to, notifying members that the meeting will be recorded prior
to the meeting date, collecting consent prior to recording, only sharing the
recording with committee members, and deleting the recording after 1 month.   Changes
to this privacy policy ASHI has the discretion to update this
privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the
bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any
changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal
information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your
responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of
modifications.   Your
acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your
acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not
use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes
to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes.   Contacting
us If you have any questions about this
Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site,
please contact us at
info@ashi-hla.org .   ASHI Headquarters
1120 Route 73, Suite 200 Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054 (856) 335-3299 www.ashi-hla.org info@ashi-hla.org
Close
Sign In
Login with Facebook
Login with LinkedIn
OR
Remember Me
Forgot your password? Haven't registered yet?
Latest News
more
7/25/2023 Deadline to return your election ballot - July 31, 2023
5/3/2023 2023-2024 ASHI BOARD ELECTIONS ARE UNDERWAY!
Calendar
more
10/16/2023 » 10/20/2023 ASHI 49th Annual Meeting 10/18/2023 » 10/20/2023 LMCE 2023 & KSLM 64th Annual Meeting
Featured Members
Newest Members
A. Gutierrez d. coppolino J. Culpert U. Enkhbold D. Lockhart W. Koh v. tran J. DellaGatta C. Mak J. Wagenfuehr M. Villa M. Carter K. Richards M. Beard D. Li K. Wang E. Agricula S. Kim J. Zamora J. TUTEN m. naim J. DeSalvo K. Hogan A. Kenneally A. Taliman K. Beck D. Larrea N. Manchester N. Ngo g. preuhs
Online Surveys
Copyright 2008-2021© The American Society for Histocompatibility and Immunogenetics. All rights reserved.
Connect With Us
Association Management Software Powered by
YourMembership
::
Legal