AppishStudio Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation AppishStudio AppishStudio Privacy Policy AppishStudio
is committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information obtained from you during your visits to our website or while using our mobile application. Our aim is to safeguard the security and privacy of all users. This policy explains our information practices and the choices you can make about the way in which
AppishStudio
collects and uses your information. Use of Personal Data We does not automatically capture or store personal data from the user of the app. This information does not identify you personally; it is used to help us diagnose problems with our data server, to administer our website, and to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of the site. For example, we may use this data to track which pages our users are visiting most often, or to determine which web browsers our visitors use. Any data that is collected through our mobile app will not be shared to any third parties. Those data will be used in our internal operations for our website or app related functionalities or services. Use of Location Data When you use our free mobile GPS applications, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map. We will not share your current location or any other location data with other users or partners without your permission. For getting driving route and other places related information, we are using Google API services. For more information about their polices, you may visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ . Cookies A ‘cookie’ is a small data file that a website may send to your browser and that your browser may then store on your system.
AppishStudio
. does not utilize cookies in any area of the website so none will be stored in your browser as a result of navigating this site. External Links This privacy policy does not apply to third party websites that may be accessible through links from the
AppishStudio
. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply endorsement of their activities or products unless otherwise stated. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those third parties to learn how they collect and use information about you before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself. Notification of Changes Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here so that you will always know what information we are collecting online, how we use it and what choices you have. Contact For more quires and questions kindly MAIL US appishstudio@gmail.com Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse