Privacy page
Help Center Customer Service: 718-878-6666 中文 $0 for Your POS System Discount Bundle Private Policy 1. Introduction and scope This Privacy Statement describes how Abacus Business Computer LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “ABC”, “ABC POS,” “we”, “us” and/or “our”) collects and manages your personal information as part of providing our Services (defined below). This Statement will cover: 2. Definitions (a) ABC Staff Management ‍ “ABC Staff Management” is a set of services and products offered as a part of the Services that includes staff management related services, including but not attendance tracking, shift scheduling, employee information, and role setting, employee performance analysis, and employee permissions for the Services. (b) Merchant A “Merchant” is any business that uses the Services provided by ABC, have contracted to use the Services provided by ABC, or expressed interest in using the Services provided by ABC. (c) Merchant Employees A “Merchant Employee(s)” is any employee of a Merchant (d) Customer A “Customer” is any individual that uses the Services at directly through ABC or indirectly through a Merchant. (e) Personal Information “Personal Information” is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. (f) Services “Services” are services and products developed by ABC including but not limited to: ABC’s point-of-sale (POS) system; Payment processing services; Our application programming interfaces (“APIs”); ABC’s Staff Management products; ABC’s products associated with ABC’s POS system, including but not limited to marketing, and loyalty products; Digital ordering services including but not limited to online ordering services, gift cards, contactless and/or pay at the table functions, and mobile applications; Accounts created through the use of any functions of the services and products developed by ABC; and Web services including, but not limited to, the creation and management of websites for Merchants. (g) You ‍ “ You ”
and/or
“ your ”
is a Merchant, a Merchant Employee, a Customer, a visitor to one of our websites or other covered data subject. 3. Types of Data Collected (a) Information (from Merchants) If you are a Merchant, we will collect Personal Information from you in connection with your service agreement and use of the Services, including, as applicable: names; addresses; email addresses; dates of birth; phone numbers; sales information; vendor information; tax identification number; national identification number (e.g. Social Security number or passport number); drivers’ license information; and banking and payment card information. (b) Personal Information (from Merchant Employees) ‍ If you are a Merchant Employee, we collect personal information about you through your use of the Services. This includes: your name; email; phone number; employee identification number; address; date of birth; and job title; role; wage information; work schedule; and hours worked. To the extent you are employed by a Merchant that uses ABC Staff Management, we may also collect information including, but not limited to: Attendance; Scheduled shifts; Performance analysis; your Social Security number or other national identification number; your professional and educational history; tax documentation such as your W2 and 1095 tax forms; driver’s license information (e.g. number, state, expiration); gender; marital status; disability status; ethnicity. (c) Personal Information (Customers) ‍ We collect information from you through your use of the Services. We may also collect and/or receive your personal information when you place an order with, make a purchase from (including gift cards), or otherwise complete a transaction with our Merchants or participate in their respective loyalty programs. Depending on which Service you have used, personal information collected may include: your name; phone number; email address; your address and other location information; your banking and payment card information; information about transactions; your date of birth; account and profile information such as your username and password; points balance and redemptions for any loyalty program; and feedback at any Merchants’ establishments. (d) ABC’s Website We may also collect information during any visits to our website and Merchant websites managed by ABC and requests for information about our Services, requests for a product demo, or any other interactions with our website. This may include, but is not limited to: your name; phone number; sales information; vendor information; banking and payment card information; your address and other location information; email address; and phone number. (e) Merchant Websites ‍ We may also collect information during any visits to Merchant websites created and/or managed by ABC. This may include, but is not limited to: your name; phone number; email address; your address and other location information; your payment card information; information about transactions; your date of birth; account and profile information such as your username and password; points balance and redemptions for any loyalty program; and feedback at any Merchants’ establishments. (f) Other Sources Depending on whether you are a Merchant, a Merchant Employee, a Customer or a visitor to our website, we may also collect personal information about you from third parties and publicly available information. (g) Automatically Collected Information Information is automatically collected when you use our Services or website. Information collected automatically by cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies may include: device information; browser information; your internet protocol (IP) address; unique advertising identifiers; transactional and purchase information; and browsing and usage activity, such as the referring domain, and websites or content that you view. (h) Geolocational Data Depending on the Services being used we may also collect geolocational data through your device. You can adjust your settings at the device or browser level to disable the use of these technologies. (i) Additional Information In all cases, the actual personal information collected will vary depending on the Services being used. This Statement also covers visitors to our website and other third parties. Please note that our Merchants are independent third parties with their own practices. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of our Merchants. If you are a Merchant Employee, your employer is responsible for providing any additional required notices or information to you regarding its privacy practices outside of this Statement. By using the Services and/or providing us with your personal information, you acknowledge that your personal information will be processed and used in the manner set out in this Privacy Statement. 4. Use of Data We use the information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, for purposes including but not limited to: To provide our Services; To provide you information, products, or services that you request from us; To manage our business and operations; To provide online services; To support security measures we have put in place; To enable access to the Services; To create a personalized experience; and To create accurate advertisements. 5. Merchant Access to Data Merchants may, through the Services, query and access data collected by ABC related to the Customers of that particular Merchant. 6. Disclosure of Information We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide as described in this privacy policy: To our subsidiaries and affiliates; To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business; To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Abacus Business Computers Inc.’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by ABC is among the assets transferred. To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information. With your consent. We may also disclose your personal information: To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request. To enforce or apply our terms of use (available at
https://abcpos.com/terms-of-service/ ) and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes. If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of ABC, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 7. Retention of Information We will retain information as long as it is reasonably necessary to carry out the Services and/or is required for compliance with any laws. 8. Cookies and other tracking technologies
ABC and third parties described in this Statement may use cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies as part of providing the Services and other purposes, this includes: Cookies: A small piece of data sent from a website and stored on your computer by your web browser while you are browsing. Cookies are designed for websites to remember stateful information or record browsing activity, among other functions. You may instruct your browser to refuse cookies or indicate when a cookie is sent. Choosing to not accept cookies may result in some portions of the Services and/or website to not function correctly. Web beacons: A small graphic file placed on a website (or websites) or email that may track data and behavior including performance and usage data. We use these technologies as well as others for purposes including: to provide our Services; to you or your device; to store your preferences while the Services; for personalization and targeting for advertisement purposes; for security and fraud-prevention purposes; to monitor performance and usage of the Services; and to develop and improve the Services and/or new Services. 9. Your rights and choices ABC is committed to taking reasonable actions to allow you to manage your personal information. The accuracy of your information is also important for us to provide our Services. Your ability to update and manage your information will differ depending on your relationship with ABC. For Merchants, please contact our customer support team with the contact information provided in the How to Contact Us Section. For Merchant Employees, please reach out to your employer to access and update your information. For Customers, please reach out to us with the contact information provided in the How to Contact Us Section. 10. Security We implement a variety of security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, damage, or loss. Despite these measures, we cannot guarantee that your information will be completely secure. 11. Links to other websites This Privacy Statement only applies to information collected when using our Services or visiting our website. When using our Services or visiting our website, you may be directed to a third-party website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies third-party websites and encourage you to review the privacy policies of third-party websites. 12. Children Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at
info@abcpos.com . 13. How to Contact Us If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Statement or practices, you can reach us at: ‍ By email:
info@abcpos.com ‍ ‍ By post: 44-49 College Point Blvd., Flushing, NY 11355 ‍ By phone:
+1 (718) 321-3888 14. Changes to this Privacy Statement This Privacy Statement may change from time to time to comply with changes in the law and as our business practices. Unless we are required by the applicable law to provide a specific form of notice or obtain consent, the most up to date version will be posted on our website and can be found at
https://abcpos.com/privacy-policy/ . Please check this website and this Privacy Statement regularly for updates. Contact us Manhattan Office 85A Allen St, Manhattan, NY 10002 (212) 966-7883 ‍ sales@joyopos.com Queens Office 44-49 College Point Blvd, Queens, NY 11355
(718) 321-3888 ‍ info@abcpos.com Products Cloud-based POS Queuing/Waitlist Online Ordering QR Ordering Self-Service Restaurant App Solutions Point of sales(Xpress) & Payment Business Efficiency Operation Management Loyalty Enhancement Digital Ordering Marketing & Promotion Back of house Management Business Type Enterprise Fine Dining Casual Dining Solutions Quick Service/Fast Food Solutions Cafe/Tea Bakery Retails Solutions About Us Clients Support Terms of services Privacy Policy Tel: +1 (718) 321-3888 Email: info@abcpos.com Address:
Headquarters: 475 Northern Blvd Suite 38, Great Neck, NY 11021 Queens Office: 44-49 College Point Blvd, Flushing NY 11355 Manhattan Office: 85 A Allen Street, New York, NY 10002 Copyright © 2022 Abacus Business Computer LLC Headquarter 475 Northern Blvd Ste #38, Great Neck, NY 11021 (718) 321-3888 info@abcpos.com Queens Office 44-49 College Point Blvd,
Queens, NY 11355
(718) 321-3888 ‍ info@abcpos.com Manhattan Office 85A Allen St,
Manhattan, NY 10002 (212) 966-7883 ‍ sales@joyopos.com Product Cloud-based POS Queuing/Waiting
Online Ordering QR Table Ordering Self-service Kiosk Loyalty APP Solution Xpress & Payments Business Efficiency Operation Management Customer Loyalty Marketing & Promotions Back Store Management
Business types Enterprise Fine Dining Casual Dining Quick Service Cafe/Tea Bakery Retail about Clients Tech Support Service Agreement Privacy Policy About Us Copyright © 2020 A registered ISO of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Concord, CA Abacus Business Computer INC