E&M Consulting, Inc.
'
E&M Consulting, Inc.
Associations
Printed Products
Digital Products
Specialty Solutions
Chambers
Printed Products
Digital Products
Specialty Solutions
Businesses
Targeted Advertising
Specialty Solutions
Eppify
Multi-Channel Solutions
About
Our Story
Our Values
Our Highlights
Join Our Team
Resources
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) discloses the privacy practices for the use of our event-related mobile
and/or web applications (the “App” or “Apps”) which are made available for use (the “Service”). We
provide a digital platform for agencies and event organizers (“Customers”), as well as end-users who
participate or view information within our Service (“Users”). E&M Management, LLC, the provider of the App and Service, (referred to as “us”, “we”, or “our”) values
your privacy and data protection. Our Policy is designed to advise you about how we collect, use, disclose
and protect the information you provide when you use our App and Service.  BY USING THE APP AND SERVICE, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF
INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
THIS POLICY IS PART OF OUR TERMS OF USE, AND BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR APP
AND SERVICE, YOU CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR
APP AND SERVICE. Information Collection and Use We use your Personal Information, defined below, subject to your consent in order to provide and improve
the App and Service. Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, terms used in this Policy have the same
meanings as in our Terms of Use. As used in this Policy: “Personal Information” means personally identifiable information that can be used to contact,
identify, or locate you either directly or indirectly. Personally Information may include, but is not
limited to, your name, picture, postal address, telephone number, email address or other
demographic information, such as age and gender. If you choose to withhold any Personal
Information requested by us, you will not be able to gain access to the App or Service. “Log Data” means information that your browser sends whenever you visit our App or when you
access the App and Service by or through a mobile device “Cookie(s)” means a small piece of data or file placed on your machine/device during the use of
our App and Service, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.  “Content” means information other than Personal Information provided by a Customer, User or
Visitor to the App and Service through a submission channel, including uploads, posts or links. Information Collection Our Customers Customers may provide Personal Information upon registration for the purpose of providing
the App and Service, such as their name, company, telephone number, email address and
“Payment Information” such as billing address and credit card information. Customers may provide Content for the purpose of generating the App and Service, including
but not limited to agendas, lists, event speakers, graphics or other information.  Our Users We may receive Personal Information from our Users for the purpose of providing or
populating the App and Service. When using the App and Service, you can also decide to create social profiles and/or can link
to your social profiles (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.) that display your Personal
Information or activity.  Our Visitors Visitors may provide Personal Information when contacting us through email or a form of the
App and Service. We may keep a record of the information submitted, such as Personal
Information and correspondence. Log Data  The Log Data we collect may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”)
address, connection speed, browser type, browser version, web pages of our App and Service that you
visit, time and date of your visit, and time spent on those pages and other statistics. When you access the App and Service by or through a mobile device, this Log Data may include
information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address
of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and
other statistics. The App and Service can access your mobile device’s camera or calendar functions if
you choose. The camera and calendar functions are initiated by Users.  In addition, we may use third-party advertisers and service providers such as Google Analytics to
collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our App and Service's
functionality.  Location Information We may obtain pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell
tower proximity. We may use and store information about your location depending on the permissions
you have set on your device. We use this information to provide features of and to improve and
customize our App and Service. Cookies Like many other websites and applications, we, along with our third-party advertisers and service
providers, use Cookie technology. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to
your device, where they can later be retrieved to identify you to us. In addition to using browser
Cookies, we also use session and persistent Cookies. A "session" cookie lasts for a single browser
session only and is deleted when the user closes the web browser. A "persistent" cookie remains on
the user’s device (even while powered off) until it expires or is deleted. A persistent cookie will be
reactivated when a user returns to the website which posted the cookie.  We and our third-party advertisers and service providers use Cookies to collect information in order to
facilitate access to the App and Service and to improve our App and Service for you. The Cookies make
your use of our App and Service easier, make the App and Service run more smoothly and help us to
maintain a secure App and Service. Most internet browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can instruct your browser, by editing its
options, to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. The “Help” feature on most
browsers provides information on how to accept Cookies, disable Cookies or to notify you when
receiving a new Cookie. If you do not accept Cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our
App and Service. We recommend that you leave the Cookies turned on when using our App and
Service.  Push Notifications and Badges Upon download of the App and use of the Service, you agree to receive push notifications and badges.
A push notification token may be used to send push notifications to your mobile device with
promotional messages and material, including event updates from Customers or special offers from us
or third-party advertisers. Badges may be used on your mobile device to notify you that a new push
notification has been received, but not yet viewed.  Information Use We, along with our third-party advertisers and service providers, may use the information we collect or
receive in the following ways:   We use information to administer and deliver the App and Service to our Customers, Users and
Visitors.
This includes the administration of Content, advertising, promotions and other App and
Service features. We use information to identify and communicate with you in relation to the App and Service.
For
example, we might use your information to respond to your feedback, to answer your questions and to
better respond to customer service requests or other inquiries in the future. We may also use your
information to communicate with you via push notifications and badges.  We use information to communicate with you about your account or your use of the App and
Service.
We may contact you about your account or feedback. We might also contact you about this
Policy or our Terms of Use. We use information to improve our App and Service.
We may use your information to enhance our
App and Service. We may also use your information to customize the experience of our Customers,
Users and Visitors with the App and Service We use information for security purposes.
We use information to maintain the integrity of our
network and to protect the App and Service and our Customers, Users and Visitors from security
breaches and fraud. We use information for analytical and marketing purposes.
For example, we may use your
information to provide you with information to display ads, features and updates, including information
about new products and special offers from third-party ad servers or service providers, all of which may
be provided via push notifications and badges. Our use of this information may include performing
research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our or others’ products, services or Content. This
information is used for the promotion of our App and Service and to develop new services.  We may also use information to enforce our Terms of Use or as otherwise permitted by law. Third-Party Advertisers and Service Providers We may use third-party advertising companies to display targeted ads to you when you use our App and
Service. These companies may use information about your visits to our App and Service or other websites
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. For example,
we use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Demographics and interests data provides
information about the age and gender of our users, along with the interests they express through their online
travel and purchasing activities. Google and other third-party advertising companies may use Cookies and
other tracking technologies in order to determine what advertisements are relevant to you. To prevent the transmittal and processing of your Personal Information to third-party ad servers, please follow the opt-out
instructions below. We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our App and Service, to provide the
Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our App and
Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks
on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.  The use of your information by third-party advertisers and service providers is governed by the privacy
policies of those third-parties and is not subject to our control. Please read the privacy policies of any thirdparty websites you visit.  Opt-In and Opt-Out Push Notifications Upon download of the App and use of the Service, you authorize us to collect information and agree to
receive push notifications and badges. The information we collect from you is stored by the App and Service
as long as you use the App and Service and related features. You may have the option to opt-in or opt-out
of certain of our uses and disclosures of your information depending on your mobile device settings. For example, you may have the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out of receiving push notifications and badges
through the App and Service. Push notifications and badges may include customer notifications and thirdparty promotions and advertising. Push notifications may come from any number of third-party sources that
we determine to be appropriate, including but not limited to Customers, associations, businesses, members,
and individuals. We may also send you push notifications and badges. We do not regularly review push
notifications and badges sent through the App and Service. However, we reserve the right to review push
notifications and badges at any time for any reason, and to edit or remove push notifications and badges
that we deem obscene, offensive or inappropriate.  To opt-in or opt-out of all push notifications and badges, edit your notification settings on your mobile
device. Contact your mobile device carrier for more information regarding your specific mobile device
notification settings. You may opt-out of all information collection by us by uninstalling the App and
Service. You may use the standard uninstall, application and data management processes available as part
of your mobile device or via the removal features provided in your chosen mobile app store or network.
Once you have uninstalled the App and Service, all information stored will be deleted, including any
preferences you previously set around location permissions and whether you’ve allowed us to send you
push notifications. Once the App and Service are deleted and uninstalled, push notifications stop.
Third-Party Analytics and Advertising You may directly opt-out from the Google Analytics features we use by downloading and installing the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for your web browser. Learn more about the opt-out and how to
properly install the browser add-on
here.
You can also limit or opt-out of third-party advertising via your
mobile device’s advertising settings. For more information regarding your specific browsers or mobile
device advertising settings contact your carriers or visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s website.
Or,
if located in the European Union, click
here. Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Information You have a right to access, update, correct or delete your Personal Information and preferences at any time
by accessing your account settings on the App. In addition, for Personal Information that we have about
you, you have the: Right to Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your Personal Information
(e.g., if you no longer want to use the App or Service or it is no longer necessary to provide the
App or Service to you). Right to Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your Personal Information through your
account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your Personal Information in certain cases,
particularly if it’s inaccurate.  Right to Object to, or Limit or Restrict the Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some
of your Personal Information (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of
it (e.g., if your Personal Information is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your Personal Information
and can ask for a copy of Personal Information you provided in machine readable form. Right to Complain: You can complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use
of your Personal Information. For further information, please contact your local data protection
authority.  To ask us to do any of the above, you can contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section. Data Retention We retain your Personal Information while your account is in existence or as needed to provide you with
the App and Service. We also will retain your Personal Information even after you have closed your account
if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet
regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our Terms
of Use, or fulfill your request to “unsubscribe” from further messages from us. We will retain depersonalized information after your account has been closed. Legal Bases for Processing We will only collect, process and use Personal Information about you where we have a legal basis to do so.
Legal bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for
the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the App and Service you have requested)) and where
processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, or the legitimate interests of third parties.  Our legitimate interests for processing your Personal Information include: Protecting you, us or other from threats;  Complying with laws that apply to us; Enabling or administering our business, such as for quality control, consolidated reporting and
customer service;  Managing corporate transactions; and Understanding and improving our business or customer relationships generally. Where we rely on your consent to collect, use and process Personal Information, you have the right to
withdraw or decline your consent at any time and, where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right
to object. Compliance with Laws We may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to disclose your Personal Information to the
appropriate governmental authorities when required by law. We will disclose your Personal Information
upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation to protect the
security and integrity of our App and Service. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies
any activities that we believe in good faith to be unlawful. Business Transaction If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Information may be transferred to
the purchaser as a business asset.  Account Security The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain
reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the
information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or
disclosure. Your Personal Information is protected in several ways. Specifically, (a) our network and database are
highly secure; (b) only authorized employees have access to contact data; (c) all employees are educated
on our privacy policies; (d) all employees agree to adhere to our privacy policies as a condition of
employment; (e) our network and database are password protected and are behind both a firewall and proxy
server to ensure security; and (f) our web security is under on-going scrutiny and review to ensure it meets
the highest standards.  However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage
is 100% secure, and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have
collected from you. As a result, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the
internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and
data exchanged between you and us through the App and Service cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such
information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third-party.
Finally, you acknowledge that you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and
password. We are not liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation. International Transfer Information we maintain may be stored both within and outside the United States. Your information,
including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside
of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ
than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we
transfer the information, including Personal Information, to the United States and process it there. YOUR CONSENT TO THIS POLICY FOLLOWED BY YOUR SUBMISSION OF YOUR
INFORMATION, INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION, REPRESENTS YOUR
AGREEMENT TO SUCH INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER.  Links to Other Sites  Our App and Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a thirdparty link, you will be directed to that third-party's site. When you click on a third-party link, you
acknowledge that you are leaving our App and Service to an external link and will be under the privacy
policy of the third-party website. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the Content,
privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services. The privacy policies of third-party websites
will govern the collection and use of your information thereon. We strongly advise you to review the
privacy policy of every site you visit to learn about how your information may be used. You may wish to share information and activities from the App and Service with social media platforms.
To utilize social media sharing features, you will be prompted to grant permissions within those platforms,
as you choose. Activity and data shared from the App and Service to these platforms is covered by the
internal privacy policy of each platform, over which we have no control. Children's Privacy Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our App and Service. If you are between ages 13-
17, you must provide verification of parental consent in order to use our App and Service. Children under
the age of 13 are prohibited from using our App and Service.  We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose Personal Information from children under 13. If you are a
parent or guardian and you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without
verification of parental consent, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal
Information from a child under age 13, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time. Such changes, modifications,
additions, or deletions shall be effective immediately upon posting the revised Policy on this page. If we
make any material changes to this Policy, we will either notify you either through the email address you
have provided us, or place a prominent notice on our website. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility
as a Customer, User or Visitor to maintain a valid email address, review this Policy periodically, and to be
aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the App and Service after such modifications will
constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by
the modified policy.  Contact Us  If you have any questions or requests about this Policy or the App and Service please contact us online or
by mail at: E&M Management, LLC
1107 Hazeltine Boulevard, Suite 340
Chaska, MN 55318
support@emconsultinginc.com
Questions or
want to learn more?
E&M Consulting, Inc.
1107 Hazeltine Boulevard, Suite #350
Chaska, Minnesota 55318
P: 800-572-0011 / F: 952-448-9928
contact@emconsultinginc.com
Solutions
Associations
Chambers
Businesses
About
Our Story
Careers
E&M ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use