Privacy Notice | PMI
Press Esc to close
PMI Sites
Project Management Institute
ProjectManagement.com ﻿
Citizen Developer
Disciplined Agile
Brightline Initiative ﻿
Global Accreditation Center
PMI Educational Foundation ﻿
Your chapters
Project Management Institute
Skip to main content
Store
items in cart
Log in
Register
Search PMI
Explore
Explore
See the latest that PMI has to offer
Latest from PMI
AI in Project Management
Community in Times of Need
Official PMI Blog ﻿
Press & Media
ProjectManagement.com Community ﻿
Get Inspired
Most Influential Projects
Future 50
PMI Awards
Hours for Impact
New Products and Solutions
Citizen Developer™
Disciplined Agile ®
Career Navigator
PMI Study Hall
Kickoff™
PMI Picks™
Organizational Transformation ﻿
New in Virtual Learning
Basics of Disciplined Agile
Virtual Experience Series
Wicked Problem Solving ®
Explore Agile Training and Certifications
Explore the PMP
Certifications
Certifications
Get recognition for your skills and experience
Certification Overview
Compare PMI Certifications
Certification FAQs
Certification Registry
Report PDUs
Maintain Your Certification
Certifications
Project Management Professional (PMP) ®
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) ®
PMI Risk Management Professional (PMI-RMP) ®
View all Certifications
Agile Certifications
Disciplined Agile ®
Scrum Master (DASM) Certification
Disciplined Agile ®
Senior Scrum Master (DASSM) Certification
PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP) ®
View all Agile Certifications
Micro-Credentials
Agile Metrics Micro-Credential
Agile Hybrid Project Pro™ Micro-Credential
Organizational Transformation (OT) Series Micro-Credentials
View all Micro-Credentials
Report PDUs
Learn Construction Best Practices with PMI-CP™
Membership
Membership
Become a part of the PMI family
Membership Overview
Become a Member
Student Membership
Local Chapters
Membership FAQs
Business Reading Center
Community
Global Community ﻿ ﻿
Volunteering
PMImpact
Career Central
Become a Member
Find Your Local Chapter
Standards & Publications
Standards & Publications
The foundation for project management knowledge
Standards Overview
PMBOK ®
Guide
What's New
Foundational Standards
PMIstandards+™
Practice Guides
Practice Standards & Frameworks
Publications
Center Stage Podcast
Megatrends
PM Network ®
Project Management Journal ®
Projectified Podcast ®
Pulse of the Profession ®
Featured Topics
Agile
Leadership
Risk Management
Quality Management
Strategy
View All Topics
Content Types
Articles
Case Studies
Conference Papers
Reports
White Papers
Access the PMBOK ®
Guide
Free Trial: Access Content
Learning & Events
Learning & Events
Gain new PMI skills and stay up-to-date
Learning
PMI Study Hall
Disciplined Agile ®
Training
Online Courses
PMI Training 2023
Webinars
Academic Programs and Research
Authorized Training Partners
Events
Events Calendar
PMI ®
Global Summit 2023 ﻿ ﻿
Virtual Experience Series 2023: PMXPO ﻿ ﻿
Virtual Experience Series 2023: 15 June ﻿ ﻿
PMI ®
Global Summit 2023 ﻿
Instructor-Led Certification Training
Business Solutions
Business Solutions
Learn how PMI can help your company work smarter
Business Solutions Overview
Become an Authorized Training Partner
Knowledge and Networking
Talent Management
Government Activities and Advocacy
Support for Organizations
Agile Business Solutions
Solutions for Agile Teams
Solutions for Agile Team Leaders
Solutions for Agile Coaches and Consultants
Solutions for Software Developers
How Can We Help Your Organization?
Upskill with Organizational Transformation Series
Store
Store
Other PMI Sites
PMI Sites
Project Management Institute
ProjectManagement.com ﻿
Citizen Developer
Disciplined Agile
Brightline Initiative ﻿
Global Accreditation Center
PMI Educational Foundation ﻿
Your chapters
Search across PMI
Search results loaded
Popular Search Terms
PMBOK Guide
PMP
PDU
Webinars
Program Management
Change Management
CAPM
PMO
Templates
Agile
Risk
Chapters
Certification for Construction
Introducing PMI-CP™. Learn the tools and skills needed to deliver better construction project outcomes and get certified!
Start today
Log In
Register
Privacy Notice
Share
whatsapp
Share
Terms of Use
Linking Agreement
Permissions
Privacy Notice
Browser Support
User Guidelines
Sitemap
Garnter Unsubscribe
You should choose whether to agree to the contents of this Privacy Policy and to the use of PMI services after carefully reading and fully understanding this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the content of this Privacy Policy, we may not be able to provide you with the appropriate functions and we recommend that you immediately stop accessing and using PMI services.
Project Management Institute (“ PMI ”), the world's leading project management professional association, and its subsidiaries around the world, including but not limited to PMI (Beijing) Project Management Technology Co., Ltd. (in Chinese: 品迈（北京）项目管理技术有限公司, “ PMI China ”, collectively with PMI US, “ PMI ,” “we,” “our,” or “us”),  strive to provide our customers, and other users of our US website
www.pmi.org  (“ US Site ”) and our China website
www.pmichina.org ﻿
(“ China Site ”, together with the US Site, “ Sites ”) with the best products and services available and recognize that building a long-term business relationship with you depends a great deal on trust. We provide this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect, use, store, share, and otherwise process your personal information in relation to our Sites, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Policy (together, the “ Offerings ”). Subject to the information provided in this Privacy Policy, we have structured our Sites so that, in general, you can visit PMI on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us with personal information (name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc.) you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with us, or as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy.
How we collect and use your personal information
What Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing the Offerings to you.
When you use PMI's products/services, in order to provide you with the functionality of our Offerings, you need to authorize us to collect and use the necessary personal information. If you refuse to provide such necessary personal information, you will not be able to use our products/services properly.
In some cases, we may collect and use your personal information from third parties (e.g., our service providers, partners) that legally retain your personal information within the scope of your consent. We process your personal information in accordance with the contract with the third party, this Privacy Policy and the relevant laws and regulations. If you refuse to allow third parties to collect and use your personal information in the provision of our services, you may not be able to use some of our Offerings.
In other cases, we may also collect information by automated means. For example, we may use technologies such as browser cookies and other similar technologies on our website and in the communication we send to you. This information will not be used for any purpose other than that described in this Privacy Policy. You may manage or delete cookies according to your preferences.
Please note that by providing your personal information voluntarily when using our services (e.g., filling in user information, submitting user feedback, etc.), you agree that we will process the relevant personal information you have voluntarily provided to the extent necessary to meet your needs.
Here are the types of personal information we collect and the specific scenarios and purposes of the processing of each piece of personal information:
Personal Information Processed
Scenario and Purpose
Necessity to Process and Consequence of Refusal
Collected by PMI US
Name
Primary Country
Email
Username
Password
Security Questions
Country of Citizenship
Passport / Driver's License Number
Photo
Education
Academic Education
Professional Education
Project Experience
Project Experience
Project Reference contact name and email
Examination details
Home address
Name on identification
Name on certificate
Email address
Phone number
Examination location
Examination Accommodations
Payment
Name on Credit card
Credit card number
Credit card type
Expiration date
CVV code
To register candidates for exams as well complete settlement and payment of online training and certificate renewal.
PMI does not store the payment information.
The information is necessary to provide basic functions and to fulfill the transaction between you and PMI.
Failure to complete settlement and payment will result in inability to register for and take exams.
Name
PMI ID
PMP No
PDU status
Certification status
Mobile phone number
Address
Telephone number
Email
Address for PMI certification in China
To check the PMI certification number of website user to verify whether they are the credential holders or not.
Unable to be verified as PMI credential holder on PMI China website to enjoy related service in PMI China website.
Name
PMI ID
PMP No
PDU status
Certification status
Mobile phone number
Address
Contact telephone number
Email address for PMI certification in China whose cycle ended in the latest year.
To provide reminder for certification renewal notice via email, phone call, cellphone text message and to provide professional development unit event information
Unable to get reminder for certification renewal notice via cellphone text message, phone call, email; and
Unable to get professional development unit (PDU) event information for certification renewal via email and cellphone text message.
Collected by PMI China
Email
Cellphone number
Username
China website user registration / password retrieval
Refusal to provide will result in inability to register as a PMI China website registered user.
PMI Certificate No.
Users of the Chinese website will be upgraded to “certified users” after completing their certification information and get it verified.
Unable to be upgraded to a certified user and will need to add the respective information when applying for volunteer.
Name
Birthday
Gender
Province/City
Self-introduction
Workplace
Industry
Position
Functional area
Academic Qualifications
Personal Expertise
Foreign Language Level
Volunteer Experience
Users of the Chinese website fill in such details to apply as volunteers.
Unable to submit volunteer applications.
Name
PMI ID
Industry
Position
Mobile Phone Number
Email
Workplace
Users of the Chinese website need to provide such information to sign up for PMI offline events.
Unable to sign up for PMI offline events via official PMI website.
R.E.P related information:
Username
Name of Contact Person
Email
Cell Phone
R.E.P. Name
R.E.P. Code
R.E.P. Type
R.E.P. Certificate
Apply to be certified as R.E.P. users of PMI China website and display relevant contact information as R.E.P. on PMI China website. Website user/visitor could contact R.E.P. for event or other questions.
Can’t apply to be R.E.P. users of website and display the contact information of R.E.P.
In order to provide and optimize our services, we will access third party software tool development kits (SDKs). These third party SDKs may collect personal information from you in conjunction with our efforts to provide you with a more comprehensive service. We monitor these SDKs closely to protect the security of your personal information. Below is a list of the name of the third party SDKs we currently use, the types of personal information they collect, and the purposes for which they are used. If you have questions about third parties collecting your personal information through SDKs, please refer to the privacy policies of the third party. Please note that as our services are improved, the third party SDKs we access may also change. We will update this directory as appropriate.
Name of SDK
Collected Information
Purpose of Processing
Privacy Policy
Baidu Analytics ( 百度统计 )
Information of visitors’ behavior on the
China
Site, including
(which is subject to Baidu Analytics’ update):
Visiting time
City of the visitor
IP address
Web links directing visitor to China Site
Identification code of visitor
Length of visits
Number of China Site pages visited
Pages of China Site reviewed
PC or mobile terminal to visit China Site
V isiting frequency
To
a nalyze relevant information of visitor statistics on the China Site as a reference to PMI China
Privacy Policy ﻿
PMI China will only be able to access analysis report generated by Baidu Analytics, which normally will not contain any personal information that can be traced back to any specific individuals, but only personal information that has been de-identified or anonymized.
How We Use the Personal Information Collected
PMI uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. PMI will not disclose your personal information to others outside of PMI without your permission, otherwise prescribed by laws and administrative regulations. Such PMI entities and/or business partners are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by this Privacy Policy and applicable confidentiality agreements and entrustment agreements.
Specifically, the usage includes the following scenario:
1. Sending information about our products, services, events and for other promotional purposes
With your consent, as a benefit to PMI customers and certificate holders, PMI will (at no charge) include your name and relevant biographical information in PMI directories. From time to time, we may also contact you for market research purposes or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of interest. PMI will not reveal your personal information publicly or to any third party (except as stated below), unless we receive your permission to do so. For example, the PMI registration application includes a question asking if you want your name included in mailing lists, PMI announcement lists and PMI directories. Your name will not be used for any such purpose unless you affirmatively request PMI to do so. In addition, if at any time you would like to have your name removed from PMI lists and/or directories, you may opt out of such contact via our customer registration and certification applications, registration forms or web pages, or at the bottom of online or off-line communications from us.
2. Operating, improving and maintaining our business, products and services
We use the personal information you provide to us to operate our business. The information is processed to complete the transactions requested by you, to communicate back to you, and to offer and update you on PMI services and benefits. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for other purposes.
3. General survey and analysis purposes
We use data about how users use the features and services of our Sites and service to understand user behavior and preferences. We or our service providers on behalf of us, may use information on how long the average user spends on our Sites or which pages or features get the most attention, to make our Sites and other products and services more useful to you; to provide you with more effective customer service; to make the Sites or services easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information; to perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies. But such arrangement and presentation are not specific to individual users.
4. Protecting others' rights, property or safety
In order to improve the security of your use of PMI products/services, to protect you or other users or the public from harm to your personal property, to better prevent security risks such as phishing sites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions, and to more accurately identify violations of laws, regulations or rules of relevant agreements, we will obtain your device information as authorized by you, network information (IP address etc.), browser information (including browser type) and so on. We will use this personal information to determine, detect and prevent security incidents in the aggregate, including to prevent or detect fraud, abuse, illegal use and to enforce court orders, governmental requirements or applicable laws.
5. Exceptions to obtaining consent
Subject to laws and regulations, we may collect and use your personal information without your consent in the following circumstances:
(1) where it is necessary for the formation, performance of a contract to which you are a party;
(2) where it is necessary for the performance of a legal duty or legal obligation;
(3) to respond to a public health emergency or in an emergency to protect your or other person’s life, health or property;
(4) to carry out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other similar acts for the public interest, and the handling of your personal information is within reasonable limits;
(5) to process your personal information that you have disclosed on your own or that has been lawfully disclosed by others within a reasonable range in accordance with the provisions of the laws;
(6) other circumstances as provided for by laws and administrative regulations.
Where we intend to process your personal information for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was collected, we will provide you with information regarding the purpose for the processing, as well as other relevant information, prior to processing your personal information for the new purpose.
How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
1. Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:
(1) sharing where necessary to fulfil a legal obligation: we may share your personal information as required by law or regulation, as necessary for litigation or dispute resolution, or as requested by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law, and as necessary to fulfil other legal obligations; or
(2) sharing with your consent: We may share your personal information with other parties after obtaining your individual consent.
PMI will not disclose your personal information to a third party outside of PMI without your permission, otherwise prescribed by laws and administrative regulations. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share your personal information with other PMI entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf to help us to provide you with our products and services. Such PMI entities and/or business partners are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by this Privacy Policy and applicable confidentiality agreements and entrustment agreements. The confidentiality agreements and entrustment agreements with the entrusted parties contain the legally required contents including protective measures and the rights and obligations of both parties.
2. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to external parties except where:
(1) your express consent is obtained; or
(2) we need to transfer your personal information that we handle due to a merger, demerger, dissolution, being declared bankrupt, etc. In such cases, we will inform you of the name and contact details of the recipient of your personal information and we will ask them to continue to honor our commitment to protect your personal information. If such recipients process your personal information for a purpose or in a manner that is outside the scope of your previous authorization and consent to us, such recipients will seek your authorization and consent again.
3. Public disclosure
We will not disclose your personal information publicly except where:
(1) your express consent is obtained; or
(2) your personal information is publicly disclosed in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of government agencies, regulatory authorities or judicial bodies.
Your Rights
You have rights to the following:
1.
To request access to and rectify the personal information we hold about you
You have the right to access, supplement or rectify your personal information at any time by accessing your PMI account via the PMI Sites. If you discover that your personal information collected, stored, used or disclosed by us is incorrect or needs to be updated, or under other circumstances as required by law or regulation, you may request that your personal information be corrected, but in any case you must ensure that the data you provide is true and accurate, and you will be liable for any loss we suffer as a result of providing incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete information. You will be liable for any loss suffered by us as a result of providing incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete information.
If you wish to access, supplement or rectify other personal information about yourself, or if you encounter difficulties in exercising your rights as described above, you may do so by reaching out to Customer Care for PMI US or sending an email to
chinaoffice@pmi.org
for PMI China and we will respond to your request promptly after verifying your identity, except where otherwise required by law or regulation or as otherwise agreed in this Privacy Policy.
For PMI users registered on the US Site, you can access your personal information by logging into My PMI with your user ID and password, following the directions listed under "Change Personal Information." You may also request a change in your personal information in PMI US Site by contacting Customer Care or by telephone at +1 610 356 4600, then select option 8 and following the instructions provided thereafter.
For PMI users registered on China Site, you can access and manage your personal information by the following functionalities in the China Site:
Menu/page
Functions
My PMI in PMI China Site
User could manage personal information, revise certification number, revise password, get notifications and other personal information after logging in China Site.
My PMI - R.E.P.
User Management Platform
in PMI China Site
User could manage respective personal information.
My PMI –
Volunteer Platform
in PMI China Site
My PMI –
Enterprise User Platform
in PMI China Site
Activity Application
in PMI China Site
2.
To request that we delete your personal information
We will delete your personal information on our own initiative in the following cases (if we do not delete it, you have the right to request that we do so):
(1) the purpose of the processing has been fulfilled, cannot be fulfilled or is no longer necessary to be fulfilled;
(2) We cease to provide PMI's products or services, or the retention period has expired;
(3) You withdraw your consent;
(4) Other circumstances as provided for by law or administrative regulations.
If you contact Customer Care for PMI US or send an email to
chinaoffice@pmi.org  for PMI China, we will respond to your request promptly after verifying your identity, except as otherwise provided by law or regulation or as otherwise agreed in this Policy.
You hereby agree that once a request for deletion has been responded to, your personal information will be deleted or anonymized, unless otherwise provided for by law, regulation or normative document. Please also be aware that we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but will do so when the backup system is updated.
3.
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal information
Please be aware that in order for you to use PMI products and/or services properly, you will need to provide us with respectively necessary personal information. If you have a PMI account, you can opt out of receiving marketing communications. This choice regarding communications from PMI may be offered on our customer registration and certification applications, registration forms or web pages, or at the bottom of online or off-line communications from us. If you have any difficulty exercising your choices, please send your request to
privacy@pmi.org
for PMI US or
chinaoffice@pmi.org  for PMI China. You may also exercise your choices by contacting PMI US by phone at +1-610-356-4600, option 8 (Customer Care) or by mail at Project Management Institute, Inc., 18 Campus Boulevard, Newtown Square, PA 19073, Attention: Leah Brophy, and contacting PMI China by mail at PMI China, Room 1107, 11th Floor, Beijing Sun Palace Building, No.12A, Taiyanggong Middle Road Chaoyang District, Beijing 100028, China, Attention: Ye Huiting.
4.
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal information about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal information directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability
You have the right to copy or request the transfer of your personal information by reaching out to Customer Care for PMI US or
chinaoffice@pmi.org  for PMI China and we will provide it promptly. If you request the transfer of your personal information to a processor of your personal information designated by you, we will provide the means to do so if the conditions set by the competent authorities are met.
5.
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal information.
You may give or withdraw your authorized consent at any time in relation to your personal information that we have collected based on your consent. You may change the scope of your authorization for us to continue collecting your personal information or withdraw your authorization by asking to delete the information, or via sending your request to Customer Care for PMI US or
chinaoffice@pmi.org  for PMI China. You may also withdraw your full authorization for us to continue collecting your personal information by cancelling your account. However, please note that we may not be able to respond to your request to withdraw your consent or authorization for certain types of personal information, such as information that is necessary to perform the essential functions of PMI's products/services or that is necessary for us to fulfill our obligations under applicable laws and regulations. Except in such cases where we are unable to respond, when you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information, but your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the processing of personal information that we have previously carried out on the basis of your consent or authorization.
6.
Cancellation of your account
If you wish to cancel your PMI account, you may do so by contacting Customer Care for PMI US or
chinaoffice@pmi.org  for PMI China to delete the account.
You should note that the act of cancelling your account is irreversible and we therefore recommend that you choose to cancel your account carefully.
Please be aware that PMI may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so. In principle, we do not charge a fee for your reasonable request. We may explain to you the reasons for requests that are not directly related to your identity or unwarranted duplication of information, or that require excessive technical means (for example, requiring the development of new systems or fundamental changes to current practices), pose a risk to the legitimate rights of others or are impractical. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about your rights as a subject of personal information, or if you would like us to explain this policy, you may also contact us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will provide you with a prompt explanation.
Security
PMI is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use data encryption technology to help protect against loss, misuse or alteration of your sensitive credit or debit card information. We use technology compliant to industry standard to encrypt the connection between you and our systems for the transmission of any credit or debit card information you input online, and we use encryption protection for any payment authorizations for transactions we request through any channel.
Any unauthorized access to or use of any of our Sites and other products and services or to the information collected and maintained by us should be immediately brought to our attention by contacting PMI US via email at
privacy@pmi.org
or by writing at Project Management Institute, Attn: Security, 18 Campus Blvd, Newtown Square, PA 19073, or contacting PMI China via email
chinaoffice@pmi.org .
Your access to some services and content is password protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. PMI will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. You should not disclose your username and password to others.
Unfortunately, the internet environment cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, despite our best efforts to protect your personal information, PMI cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services. You transmit all such information at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Additional Web Site Issues
1. How PMI Uses Technology to Improve Your Site Experience
PMI uses cookies and web beacons (described below), to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on our Sites and services. Additionally, we collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every web site you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring web site addresses. We also deliver advertisements and provide web site analytics tools on non-PMI sites and services, and we may collect information about page views on these third party sites as well.
Most aggregate information is collected via cookies, web beacons and other technical methods. Web beacons (also known as clear gifs), in conjunction with cookies, are used to compile statistics about site usage. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of web sites or applications. We or our service providers use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our Sites, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Sites and to measure site effectiveness or use of online products and services. We also use Web beacons in HTML e-mails that we send our visitors who have agreed to receive e-mail from us, to determine whether our recipients have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. If you choose to furnish PMI with personally identifiable information, this information can be associated to the data stored in the cookies or Web beacons. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to our service providers. These technical methods allow us to make our Sites and other products and services, and any e-mails you have agreed to receive, more interesting to you. You may render some Web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies.
We also use cookies to store, and sometimes to track, user information. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering or subscribing to our Sites. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie contains a unique number that allows our Sites to recognize your computer. We use both temporary and persistent cookies; a temporary cookie tracks visitor activity during a session or visit and it expires when you close your browser. We use them to provide continuity for your visit as you visit Site pages. Persistent cookies allow us to keep track of your username and password (if you are a subscriber) so you don't have to re-enter that information each time you visit. The Help function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely.
You can also choose to be warned by your computer every time a cookie is sent, or to turn off all cookies, which you can do through your browser and the browser settings on your device. Each browser is slightly different, so please check your browser's help menu for the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn off cookies, you may not be able to use many of the features that help our websites run more efficiently, and some of our services may not function properly so you won't be able to take advantage of various features on our Sites that are available to other visitors.
2. Links to Third Party Websites
Links to third party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Sites. PMI has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policies. Thus, PMI does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the Sites, you do this entirely at your own risk.
3. European Union Representative
PMI's Representative in the European Union is PMI Management Europe BVBA. The Representative can be contacted via
privacy@pmi.org .
Retention of Information
Your personal information will be kept for as long as reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law). In general, this means that we will also keep your personal information for as long as you maintain a PMI account. For personal information relating to certificate renewal and other services we provide, this reasonable period will be longer to allow us to meet our legal obligations.
Storage of Personal Information
Currently, the personal information we collect from and generate within China (for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) is stored within China and/or in countries outside of China (e.g., the United States). As we provide our products or services through resources and servers located in US and/or in China, and as necessary to enter into and perform contracts to which you are a party, your personal information may be transferred to, or may be accessed by individuals or organizations from jurisdictions other than the jurisdiction in which you use the products or services, subject to relevant laws and regulations. The laws of these countries may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as is provided within China. In such cases, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is protected to the same extent as it is in China. At the same time, we will complete the necessary security assessments or perform other data management responsibilities required by applicable laws and regulations when possible.
How we protect the personal information of minors
Please be aware that we protect the security of personal information of minors, in accordance with the requirements of the applicable laws and regulations. Although we do not intend to proactively acquire minors’ personal information, in some cases we may not be able to identify the age of our users. Therefore, we ask minors under the age of 18 not to provide us with personal information such as their names, contact addresses and telephone numbers. If we have evidence that you have breached this agreement, we reserve the right to stop providing PMI products/services to you.
If you are under the age of 18, PMI requires prior written consent from your parent or guardian before using our products and/or services.  PMI protects personal information of minors in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
If we find ourselves collecting personal information of a minor without consent of a verifiable parent or legal guardian, we will attempt to delete it as soon as possible. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor and have any questions, comments or concerns about matters relating to the personal information of a minor in your care, please contact us as set out in this Privacy Policy under "Contact and Feedback".
Contact and Feedback
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, please contact PMI US, at
privacy@pmi.org  or 18 Campus Boulevard, Attn. Leah Brophy, Newtown Square, PA 19073. Leah Brophy is the authorized privacy officer for PMI. PMI is subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Trade Commission. Any disputes arising out of a breach of this Policy will be submitted to and resolved by the privacy dispute resolution procedure set up by the Direct Marketing Association. PMI China can be reached by email at
chinaoffice@pmi.org , or by mail at PMI China, Room 1107, 11th Floor, Beijing Sun Palace Building, No.12A, Taiyanggong Middle Road Chaoyang District, Beijing 100028, China, Attention: Ye Huiting.
Changes to this Notice
If there are updates to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we will post on the Sites those changes and update the revision date listed on this document, so you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. For material changes to this Policy, PMI will provide notification to affected customers and obtain your explicit consent if legally required. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your consent. Examples of material and substantial changes include, but are not limited to.
(1) a material change in our service model, such as the purposes for which personal information is processed, the types of personal information processed, how personal information is used, etc.;
(2) a change in the primary recipients of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure;
(3) significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and how they are exercised;
(4) when there is a change in the department responsible for handling the security of personal information, our contact details and complaint channels.
Such published changes will form part of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated July 24 2022. From the effective date of the revision of this policy, your purchase and use of PMI products/services provided by us, and your access, browsing and use of PMI's Sites and other online services will be deemed that you have fully understood and agreed to the revised Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies to provide you with a better browsing experience, improve performance, for analytics, and to show you relevant advertisements. By using this website you agree to the use of cookies. See our
privacy and cookie policy  for more information.
OK ﻿
Project Management Institute
PMI registered mark
Stay Connected
Twitter
﻿
LinkedIn
﻿
Facebook
﻿
Instagram
﻿
YouTube
﻿
Support
Contact Us
Press and Media
Store Help
Quick Links
Webinars
﻿ ﻿
PMBOK® Guide
Online Courses
Events
Store
Explore PMI
Certifications
Project Management Professional (PMP)®
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM)®
PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP)®
Agile Certifications
See All Certifications
Report PDUs
﻿
Community
Latest from the Community
﻿ ﻿
Discussions
﻿ ﻿
Templates
﻿ ﻿
Blogs
﻿ ﻿
Volunteering
Membership
Membership Overview
Become a Member
Student Membership
Local Chapters
Membership FAQs
Organization
About Us
Our Leadership
Official PMI Blog
﻿
What is Project Management?
Who are Project Managers?
Careers
Project Management Institute
PMI registered mark
Stay Connected
Twitter
﻿
LinkedIn
﻿
Facebook
﻿
Instagram
﻿
YouTube
﻿
Support
Contact Us
Press and Media
Store Help
Privacy
Sitemap
Terms of use
Purchasing Terms
Advertising & Sponsorship
© 2023  Project Management Institute, Inc.