Terms & Conditions - Needles & Hay's
Skip to content
Home
Blogs
Our Story
Menu
Home
Blogs
Our Story
Terms & Conditions
1. INTERPRETATION
The headings of the clauses in this Agreement are for the purpose of convenience only and reference thereto shall not be used in the interpretation of nor modify the terms of this Agreement or any clause hereof.  words importing: 1.1. any one gender include the other two genders; 1.2. the singular include the plural and vice versa; and 1.3. natural persons include created entities (corporated or unincorporated) and vice versa; the following terms shall have the meanings assigned to them hereunder and the expressions shall have corresponding meanings, namely: 1.2.1. “Agreement” means these Terms and Conditions of Use and all documents incorporated thereto; 1.2.2. “App” means the mobile and online application known as Needles & Hays owned and operated by Needles & Hays, as updated from time to time, including any web-based derivatives thereof; 1.2.3. “Data Subject”, for the purposes of POPI, means a User; 1.2.4. “ECTA” means the South African Electronic Communications and Transactions Act, Act 25 of 2002; 1.2.5. “Information Officer” means the person appointed by us from time to time as contemplated by Part B of POPI. 1.2.6. “Needlesandhays” means Needles and Hays (PTY) LTD, a private company with registration number 2022/236803/07, duly incorporated in terms of the laws of South Africa, and “we”, “us”, “our” and “ours” will have a corresponding meaning. 1.2.7. “Minor” means any person under the age of 18 (eighteen) years and “child” will have the same meaning; 1.2.8. “PAIA” means the Promotion of Access to Information Act, Act 2 of 2000, including all regulations promulgated thereunder; 1.2.9. PAIA Manual means the document contemplated by clause 10 below, which can be accessed through this link: PAIA MANUAL 1.2.10. “POPI” means the Protection of Personal Information Act 4 of 2013, including all regulations, codes of conduct, compliance manuals and guidelines that may from time to time be promulgated thereunder; 1.2.11. “Process” or “Processing” means operations and activities related to collecting, receipt, recording, organisation, collating, storage, updating or modifying, retrieval, alteration, consultation and use, dissemination, transmission and sharing, deleting and destroying of personal information; 1.2.12. “Regulator” means the National Information Regulator established in terms of Part A of Chapter 5 of POPI; 1.2.13. “Service” means social and dating enabling service rendered by the App which, inter alia, entails collecting your personal information and making same available to third parties on the terms recorded herein; 1.2.14. “Terms and Conditions of Use” means the provisions as contained in these terms of use; 1.2.15. “User” means a consumer that uses the App and
web browser
the terms “you”, “your” and “yours” when used in these Terms and Conditions of Use means any user of the App and “use”, “using” and “used” means the accessing of the App and viewing of the App’s content. 1.2.16 “Domain” means the website
https://needlesandhays.co.za
usable by way of web browser.
2. AGREEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
1. By accessing or using this App or web browser, you agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable annexures and hyperlinks hereto, which form a legally binding agreement (“Agreement”). If you do not agree, please refrain from further use of the app or our service. 2. Access to and use of this App or domain and the information, products and services available through this App are subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use and to all applicable laws and regulations, including the provisions of ECTA, POPI and PAIA, where applicable. 3. All content on this App belongs to Needles and Hays (PTY) LTD, unless indicated otherwise. Content of advertisements belong to the advertisers. Any personal information you may upload to the App belongs proprietary to you, but Needles & Hays (PTY) LTD has the right to make such information available to other users of the App (in accordance with your profile settings) and potential advertisers in terms of the license your grant below. We deal with aspect in more detail below. By using the App or domain, you consent to us collecting, storing, disseminating and using your personal information, subject to the terms and conditions recorded herein. Make sure you understand the extent of the consent. We will strictly adhere to the provisions of POPI and are here to assist you to understand your rights under said Act, if need be. 4. This App or domain may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion in this App or domain complies with all applicable laws and regulations. Needles & Hays (PTY) LTD excludes, to the fullest possible extent permissible under law, any responsibility or liability for any error or inaccuracy appearing in advertising or sponsorship material or any other content which may cause offence. 5. Needles and Hays (PTY) LTD may at any time, without notice, impose further and additional Terms and Conditions of Use relating to the use of this App or domain. The user’s agreement to these Terms and Conditions of Use automatically binds the user to the additional Terms and Conditions of Use. 6. The latest Terms and Conditions of Use will be posted on the App or domain, and you should always review these Terms and Conditions of Use prior to using the App or domain to ensure that you have a current understanding of the Terms and Conditions of Use under which you are permitted to access this App or domain. If you cannot access the Terms and Conditions of Use via the Internet, a copy of the most recent Terms and Conditions of Use can be provided by e-mail upon request.
3. CONDITIONS OF USE
If you access and/or use the App in any way, you warrant that: 1 You are 18 years and older and of sound mind; 2 You have not been convicted of any crime related to assault, murder, battery, harassment, stalking or any offence contemplated by the South African Sexual Offences Act 23 of 1957, as amended from time to time; 3 You are ordinarily resident and domiciled within the Republic of South Africa; 4 Any information you may provide or content you may upload to the App is truthful, correct and accurate and not in any way aimed at misleading or deceiving any other User and does not infringe on any third party’s intellectual property rights including our rights.
4. CONSENT AND OBLIGATION OF USER
4.1 Your consent to these Terms and Conditions of Use gives Needles & Hays license to your Content and although it shall be non-exclusive, except that Needles & Hays license shall be exclusive with respect to derivative works created through use of the Service. 4.2. You consent and agree that any Content you place or that you authorize us to place on the App or domain may be viewed by other users and may be viewed by any person visiting or participating in the Service as well as potential advertisers. 4.3. You understand and agree that we may monitor or review any Content you post as part of a Service. We may delete any Content, in whole or in part, that in our sole judgment violates this Agreement or is contrary to the spirit of Needles & Hays or may harm the reputation of the Service. 4.4. By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions of Use, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy also available on the App and domain. 4.5. You shall not Post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence or violation of any law. You are bound by the community rules provided for below, which may be amended by Needles & Hays from time to time. 4.6. Although Needles & Hays reserves the right to review and remove Content that violates this Agreement, such Content is the sole responsibility of the user who posts it, and we cannot guarantee that all Content will comply with this Agreement. If you see Content on the Service that violates this Agreement, please report to us at
support@needlesandhays.co.za 4.7. We reserve the right to monitor your communications with us whether by mail, voice, fax, e-mail or any other form of transmission for the purposes of quality control, security and other business needs. 4.8. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal data provided to us as a result of this App will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy and in adherence with ECTA and POPI. 4.9. The confidentiality of your username and password is solely your responsibility.
5. PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.1. By creating a profile and using the App or domain, you will be providing us with certain information personal to you. This information may include but is not limited to: 5.1.1. Your name, nickname or chosen profile name; 5.1.2. Your email address; 5.1.3. Your location ; 5.1.4. Your date of birth; 5.1.5. Your gender; 5.1.6. Your sexual orientation and/or preferences; 5.1.7. Your interests and hobbies; 5.1.8. A description of yourself; 5.1.9. Your photos and/or images of yourself; (hereinafter referred to as “your personal information”) 5.2. You may further send messages to other users via our App or domain. If you do so, please bear in mind that such messages may contain more information about yourself, which may include information related to aspects not provided by us which information is treated as special personal information in terms of POPI. 5.3. For billing purposes, you will provide us with your credit card details or other billing information reasonably required for you to transact on the App or domain. This information will be strictly kept confidential and not disclose to any other party whatsoever. Needles & Hays will however not be held liable for any human error on the part of a user and the user indemnifies Needles & Hays to any losses suffered. 5.4. In processing your personal and private information, we adhere to all legislative requirements, including the requirements of accountability, processing limitation, purpose specific, further processing limitation, information quality, openness, security safeguards and data subject participation, as referred to in clauses 8 to 25 of POPI, 5.5. You provide us all the information entirely voluntarily. Bear in mind however that where you refuse to provide us certain information, which may be your right to do, it may make it impossible for us to render the Service which may cause you not to have full use and enjoyment of the App or domain. 5.6. You always have the right, as more fully provided for herein, to: 5.6.1. Have notice of the information we collect from you and to be notified of any unauthorised use of or access to your information; 5.6.2. Have access to your personal information kept by us, and to request changes or corrections thereto or deletions thereof; 5.6.3. Object to the processing or use of your personal information; 5.6.4 Object to any direct marketing; 5.6.5. Not have your personal information used for direct marketing purposes without your consent; 5.6.6. Submit complaints to the Regulator; and 5.6.7. To institute civil proceedings as contemplated by section 99 of POPI. 5.7. Needles & Hays will not be held liable for any personal information that you disclose to a third party whose link may be found on this App or domain. Ensure that you refer to that third party’s privacy policy before you disclose any of your personal information. 5.8. The App or domain may make use of cookie and tracking technology, whereby information that you send whilst on the site, is saved on your hard drive and the App or domain will know who you are when you next visit. This technology is useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, for tracking the number of visitors to a site and understanding how visitors use the App or domain. Personal information cannot be collected via cookie technology. 5.9. Needles and Hays collects location data to enhance your app experience by providing several location-based features and functionalities, even when the app is not actively in use or closed. We take your privacy and data security seriously, and we want to provide you with a clear understanding of how and why we collect this information.  5.9.1.
Finding Nearby Users:
One of the primary reasons we collect location data is to enable you to connect with nearby users, fostering social interactions and connections within the app. This feature helps you discover and interact with individuals in your vicinity who share similar interests or preferences. 5.9.2.
Location-Based Recommendations:
We use your location data to offer personalised recommendations and content that are relevant to your current location. Whether it’s suggesting local events, businesses, or other app users, our aim is to make your app experience more tailored to your surroundings.
6. CONSENT TO PROCESSING
6.1. You consent to us processing your personal information for the following purposes: 6.1.1. Deliver and improve the Services; 6.1.2. Create and manage your account; 6.1.3. Provide you with user support and respond to your requests; 6.1.4. Facilitate and complete your transactions; 6.1.5. Communicate with you about our services, including order management and billing; 6.1.6. Analyse your profile, activity on the service, and preferences to recommend meaningful connections to you and recommend you to other users; 6.1.7. Show users’ profiles to one another 6.1.8. Link the various devices you use to your profile; 6.1.9. Administer promotions, internal marketing and offers, contests, discounts or similar advances; 6.1.10. Develop, display and track content and advertising tailored to your interests; 6.1.11. Communicate with you by email, phone, social media or mobile device about the Service; 6.1.12. Administer focus groups and surveys; 6.1.13. Conduct research and analysis of users’ behaviour to improve our services and content; 6.1.14. Develop new features and services for the App and domain; 6.1.15. Address ongoing or alleged misconduct or breaches of these Terms and Conditions, both on and off-platform; 6.1.16. Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities; 6.1.17. Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences; 6.1.18. Comply with legal requirements; 6.1.19. Assist law enforcement; and 6.1.20. Enforce or exercise our rights. 6.2. As for your private information, you consent to us processing this information for the limited purpose of: 6.2.1. Investigating any complaints of infringement of another user’s rights or breach of the provisions of our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy or other rules; 6.2.2. Enforcing our rights; 6.2.3. Aiding any criminal investigation; or 6.2.4. If subpoenaed in any civil proceedings. 6.3. We will not process your personal information beyond what is reasonably required for the aforesaid purposes. 6.4. You may at any time withdraw your consent for us to process your information. In this regard, please bear in mind that: 6.4.1. You need to advise us in writing; 6.4.2. You need to give us a reasonable time to process and give effect to your request; and 6.4.3. Your request may lead to the termination of the Service. 6.5. Please bear in mind that you may also at any time lodge an objection with us or the Regulator if you feel we are not processing your information lawfully.
7. RETENTION OF INFORMATION
7.1. In addition to you consenting to use processing your information, you also consent to us retaining and storing it. You consent to us storing your information for an indefinite period. 7.2. You may instruct us, in writing, to permanently delete all information we retain on your behalf at any time. We will then destroy it digitally in such a manner that no person can use it or reconstruct it in any way again.
8. ADVERTISING AND FURTHER PROCESSING
8.1. We have mentioned above that we may use your information for internal marketing purposes, i.e. marketing of Needles & Hays existing and new serves and offerings to Users. We may also use your information for purposes of securing third party advertisements on the App, and you consent thereto, subject to these terms. In this regard, please note that: 8.1.1. Where we make your information available to any third-party advertiser, it will be subject to the same or similar terms of privacy and confidentiality as recorded herein; 8.1.2. It will be for the purposes of “in-App” advertisements only; 8.1.3. Your personal information will not be used for direct marketing purposes, unless you specifically consent thereto by, for instances, clicking on ‘opt in’ in any advertisement
9. SECURITY SAFEGUARDS
9.1. Needles & Hays will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is kept confidential and secure by storing it on our secure database. 9.2. Needles & Hays will endeavour to take all reasonable and necessary precautions to secure access to your transactions – however, it cannot guarantee the confidentiality of your transactions.
10. INFORMATION OFFICER, OBJECTIONS, QUERIES AND COMPLAINTS
10.1. Please direct all objections, queries and complaints to our Information Officer, who’s details are set out in our PAIA Manual. You can access it here:  PAIA MANUAL
11. OWNERSHIP
11.1. Unless otherwise indicated, this App and its design, text, content, selection and arrangement of elements, organisation, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion and other matters related to this App are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including, but not limited to, intellectual property) rights and are the property of Needles & Hays or the material is included with the permission of the rights owner and is protected pursuant to copyright and trademark laws. 11.2. The posting of any such elements on this App or domain does not constitute a waiver of any right in such elements. You do not acquire ownership rights to any such elements viewed through this App or domain except as otherwise provided herein, none of these elements may be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, modified, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without our express prior written permission. 11.3. Permission is hereby granted to the extent necessary to lawfully access and use this App and/or information, products and/or services available on it to display, download, archive and print in hard copy, portions of this App, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain any and all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these Terms of Use.
12. TRADEMARKS
The marks Needles & Hays and the Needles & Hays logo are pending trademarks and are the exclusive property of Needles & Hays. The unauthorized use of these marks in trade, or marks considered to be confusingly similar thereto in law, is strictly prohibited and may result in action based on trademark infringement, passing-off or unlawful competition being taken against you
13. HYPERLINK DISCLAIMER
13.1. This App may contain links and/or advertisements to other apps and websites maintained by unrelated companies and persons (“Third-Party Sites”). An advertisement of, or link to, a Third-Party Site does not mean that we approve, endorse or accept any responsibility for that Third Party Site, its content or use, or the use of products and services made available through such Third-Party Site. 13.2. Needles & Hays is not responsible for the actions, content, accuracy, opinions expressed, privacy policies, products or services provided through these links or made available through these resources or appearing in such Third-Party Site, nor for any damages or losses, directly or indirectly, caused or alleged to have been caused as a result of your use or reliance on such Third-Party Site. 13.3. Such Third-Party Sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, completeness or conformance with applicable laws and regulations by us. We do not make any representations whatsoever, or give any warranties of any kind, expressed, implied, or otherwise about any apps or sites which you may access through this App, the content thereof, or the products and/or services made available through such sites/apps. If you decide to leave our App and access these other sites/apps, you do so at your own risk. All rules, policies (including privacy policies) and operating procedures of such sites/apps will apply.
14. LINKS FROM OTHER APPS
14.1. Any link to this App or domain without our written permission is prohibited. Notwithstanding authorisation to link to this App or domain, linking to any page other than the home page is prohibited. Persons providing access to this App via link from another site/app are solely responsible for the content, accuracy, opinions expressed, privacy policies, products or services of, or available through, the source site/app and for any representations made or impressions created concerning Needles & Hays. 14.2. Authorisation by us to link to this App is given without assumption of any liability by us relating to such links, and we hereby disclaim any such liability. We reserve the right to withdraw any authorisation to link to this App at any time and for any reason. 14.3. Anyone providing access to, or information relating to this App, whether by link or otherwise, is responsible for bringing these Terms of Use to the attention of the person receiving such access or information. Failure to do so will not result in liability for us.
15. COMMUNITY RULES
By using the Service, you agree that you will not: 1. use the Service for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by this Agreement. 2. use the Service for any harmful or nefarious purpose 3. use the Service in order to damage Needles & Hays 4. violate our Community Guidelines, as updated from time to time. 5. spam, solicit money from or defraud any users. 6. impersonate any person or entity or post any images of another person without his or her permission. 7. bully, “stalk,” intimidate, assault, harass, mistreat or defame any person. 8. post any Content that violates or infringes anyone’s rights, including rights of publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or contract right. 9. post any Content that is hate speech, threatening, sexually explicit or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence. 10. post any Content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual. 11. solicit passwords for any purpose, or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users or disseminate another person’s personal information without his or her permission. 12. use another user’s account, share an account with another user, or maintain more than one account. 13. create another account if we have already terminated your account, unless you have our permission.
16. NO WARRANTIES
1. Any views or statements made or expressed on this App are not necessarily the views of Needles & Hays, its affiliates, subsidiaries, holding companies, partners, employees, officers, servants or agents. Any statements we may make or advise we may give on the App should not be considered as any professional advice of any sort and we accept no liability should you act on such advice to your detriment. 2. This App is provided on an “as is,” “as available” basis, without warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent possible pursuant to applicable law, Needles & Hays, its affiliates, service providers and licensors disclaim all warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise. 4. Any representation or warranty, which is not recorded in these Terms and Conditions of Use, is specifically excluded and the User may not rely thereon in any manner and Needles & Hays, its affiliates, service providers and licensors accepts no responsibility for any losses the User may incur as a consequence of using the App. 16.5. It is your responsibility to evaluate (or take professional advice on) the accuracy and completeness of all information, statements, opinions and other material on this App or any App with which it is linked
17. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
17.1. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, you indemnify Needles & Hays of all liability for any losses and expenses of whatever nature and howsoever arising including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, special, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of use, loss of data, loss caused by a virus, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties, or other losses of any kind or character, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, arising out of or in connection with the use of this App or any App with which it is linked. 17.2. You assume total responsibility for establishing such procedures for data back up and virus checking as may be necessary.  17.3. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all losses and damages of any kind whatsoever, whether the alleged liability is based on contract, negligence, tort, strict liability or any other basis.
18. INDEMNITY AND RELEASE
You agree to indemnify, release and hold Needles & Hays, as well as our officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees, harmless from any claim, liability, loss, expense or demand, including legal fees, related to your violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use or your access or use of this App or any of the information, materials, products or services available through this App.
19. MODIFICATION AND DISCONTINUATION
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify, edit, delete, suspend or discontinue this App or domain, temporarily or permanently (or any portion thereof) and/or the information, materials, products and/or services available through this App (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, editing, deletion, suspension or discontinuance of this App.
20. ENTIRE UNDERSTANDING
20.1. These Terms and Conditions of Use and any documents incorporated by reference contain the entire understanding between you and Needles & Hays with respect to this App or domain and no representation, statement, inducement oral or written, not contained herein shall bind any party to this agreement. 20.2. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision shall be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent allowed by law, and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect.
21. WAIVER
1. Needles & Hays failure at any time to require performance of any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use or to exercise any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision or such right and any and/or all waivers must be in writing. 2. Unless the written waiver contains an express statement to the contrary, no waiver by Needles & Hays of any breach of any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use or of any right provided for herein shall be construed as a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver of the provision itself, or a waiver of any right under these Terms and Conditions of Use.
22. LAW & JURISDICTION
22.1. The App is controlled and operated by Needles & Hays from its offices within the Republic of South Africa and make no representation that the information contained herein is appropriate or available for use in other locations outside South Africa 22.2. The law in certain countries other than South Africa may prohibit the Use of this App or domain or information products and/or services on this App or jurisdictions and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing this App. 22.3. You agree that the laws of the Republic of South Africa shall govern any controversy or claim of whatever nature arising out of or relating to the Use of this App or domain, without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably consent and submit yourself to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of South Africa for all such purposes. 22.4. The foregoing notwithstanding, we retain the right to bring legal proceedings in any jurisdiction where we believe that breach of this agreement is taking place or originating.22.1. The App is controlled and operated by Needles & Hays from its offices within the Republic of South Africa and make no representation that the information contained herein is appropriate or available for use in other locations outside South Africa 22.2. The law in certain countries other than South Africa may prohibit the Use of this App or domain or information products and/or services on this App or jurisdictions and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing this App. 22.3. You agree that the laws of the Republic of South Africa shall govern any controversy or claim of whatever nature arising out of or relating to the Use of this App or domain, without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably consent and submit yourself to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of South Africa for all such purposes. 22.4. The foregoing notwithstanding, we retain the right to bring legal proceedings in any jurisdiction where we believe that breach of this agreement is taking place or originating.
Quick Links
Home
Blogs
Our Story
Home
Blogs
Our Story
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
T’s & C’s  and
PAIA