Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use
We are
pleased to welcome you to our website. If you continue to browse and use this
website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Terms and
Conditions of Use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern our company's interaction
and relationship with you in relation to this website. The term 'MEEST
Corporation Inc.' or 'us' or 'we' or 'our' refers to the owner of the website
whose registered office is located at
97
Six Point Rd., Toronto, ON, M8Z 2X3, Canada . The term 'you' refers to the
user or viewer of our website.
The use of
this website is subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Use:
The
content of the pages of this website is for your general information and
use only. It is subject to change at any time without notice.
MEEST
Corporation Inc. does not provide any warranties or guarantees as to the
accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the
information and materials found or offered on this website. By reading
this, you acknowledge that such information and materials may contain
inaccuracies or errors and MEEST Corporation Inc. excludes liability for
such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use
of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own
risk, for which MEEST Corporation Inc. shall not be liable. It shall be
your own responsibility to ensure that all and any products, services or
information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This
website contains material which is owned by or licensed to MEEST
Corporation Inc. This material includes, but is not limited to, the
design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is strictly prohibited.
All trade
marks reproduced on this website which are not the property of, or
licensed to, the MEEST Corporation Inc. are acknowledged on our website.
Unauthorized
use of this website may result in a claim for damages and/or be a criminal
offence.
From time
to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links
are provided for your convenience to provide further information and/or
services. They do not signify that MEEST Corporation Inc. endorses the
website(s).As stated in our Privacy Policy MEEST Corporation Inc. has no
responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may
not create a link to this website from another website or a document
without prior written consent by MEEST Corporation Inc.
Your use
of this website provided by MEEST Corporation Inc. and any dispute arising
out of such use is subject to Canadian Law.