Navicosoft Games Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Navicosoft Games Navicosoft Games Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Navicosoft Games Privacy of your personal and non-personal information is afforded the highest level of importance by Navicosoft Games We strictly comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document. If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites. We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website. If anyone decides to use our Service, this page is used to inform visitors about our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information. By using our service, you consent to the collection and use of this policy-related information. We use the Personal Information we collect to provide and enhance the Service. Except for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, we will not use or disclose your information to anyone. Unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.   Collection and use of data Personal Information: This includes your name, email address, and any other information you choose to provide to us when you create an account or contact us for support. Technical Information: This includes your device information, such as your device ID, operating system, and version. Usage Information: This includes information about how you use the Game, such as your gameplay data, game progress, and in-game purchases. Our third parties are also involved in data collection and use. This information is about you and your device, such as the location of your device (to provide support and deliver targeted advertising and promotions for a better experience) and information about your device (such as its type, capability, status, and operating system). In order to personalize your experience and enhance customer service, IDFA Android advertiser ID or other types of advertising identifiers for in-game activities, mobile network connection and access, internet signals strength related to WIFI, application and device version, and other similar technical data about your device do not include your personal information. Advertising Give you any merchandise, administrations, or usefulness you have mentioned; to send you marketing materials, promotions, and newsletters to you, as well as to respond to any inquiries you have made through our customer service features. In the future, we will give you the option to stop receiving such materials. In accordance with the guidelines outlined in this Privacy Policy, you can also choose not to receive such materials at any time. The names of some of the third-party advertising and analytics services we use are listed below. For more information about our third-party service providers' privacy policies, please see the links below. • Analytics from Google: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ • Game Analytics: https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/ • Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy • Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy • Chart boost: https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269 • Applovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy  Advertising identifiers and usage data can be used to figure out how many people clicked on an advertisement, how effective a campaign is, how many times an advertisement should be seen again, and/or to show you ads that are most relevant to your interests. When you use our website or Apps, you may be presented with advertising content. This choice may be available to you depending on your device and operating system. Cookies, beacons, tracking pixels, and other technologies that are embedded in advertisements and enable us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information may be used by us or the ad networks we use. Non-Personal Information like your age and gender may be used to make sure you get the right advertising. identifier that is being used for interest-based advertising, or you can reset the ad identifier on your device by changing its settings. Security We place a high value on the safety of your data, but keep in mind that neither electronic storage nor Internet transmission is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your Personal Data using commercially acceptable means, but we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We are dedicated to safeguarding your private information. To forestall any abuse, robbery, misfortune, adjustment, annihilation, unapproved access or exposure we have set up reasonable physical, electronic and administrative methodology to shield and get the data we gather on the web. For better client experience, we might get the accompanying data. 1.Demographic data like area, inclinations and interests for Remarketing. 2.Your public data assuming that online entertainment is utilized in the application. 3. Overseas Transfer of Information Concerning App Usage Data and User Behavior. Links to Other Sites There may be links to other websites in this Service. You will be taken to that website if you click on a link from a third party. Please be aware that these external websites are not under our control. As a result, reading these websites' privacy policies is highly recommended. We are not in control of or responsible for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. We are not in control of or responsible for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, you should frequently check this page for updates. We will notify you of any changes by publishing the most recent Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 01-Mar-2023. Contact Us Please contact us at if you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy: asif@navicosoft.com. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse