Privacy Policy
Solutions Who You Are HOA Board Members
Protect your neighborhood and everyone in it Law Enforcement
Address crime with intelligent evidence at scale Commercial Business
Ensure the safety of your employees, customers and assets Property Managers
Keep the residential properties you manage safe from crime K-12 Schools
Protect students, faculty, and facilities Higher Education
Create a safe environment for students, faculty and staff
Use Cases Neighborhood Safety
Help deter criminals and generate investigative leads for law enforcement School Safety
Protect students, staff, and assets with maintenance-free school safety solutions Organized Retail Crime
Keep Your Stores, Employees and Customers Safe Parking Lot Safety
Protect Your Parking Lots From Crime Healthcare Staff & Patient Safety
Prevent incidents with a virtual security perimeter around your hospital Real-Time Crime Center
Access real-time intelligence that transcends the limitations of traditional RTCCs Learn More About Our Solutions
Products LPR Cameras
Video Cameras
LPR Cameras
Flock Safety Falcon™ Fixed, infrastructure-free LPR for standard two-lane roadways with moderate traffic Flock Safety Falcon™ LR Fixed, long-range LPR for high-speed, multi-lane highways with heavy traffic Flock Safety Falcon™ SR Fixed, short-range LPR for parking lots Flock Safety Falcon Flex™ Location-flexible LPR for temporary coverage that can be installed anywhere in minutes Flock Safety Sparrow® LPR Maintenance-free LPR for neighborhood security that never sleeps Flock Safety Wing® LPR Transform your existing camera infrastructure into powerful evidence capturing devices Audio Detection
Flock Safety Raven® Audio detection that pairs with LPR and video to address gun and vehicle-related crimes Video Cameras
Flock Safety Condor Improve safety with live and recorded video for enhanced situational awareness and case clearance Flock Safety Wing® Easily integrate third-party LPR and video cameras into FlockOS® for a seamless workflow Software FlockOS® A public safety platform that unifies first and third-party data across video, LPR, and audio to deliver real-time intelligence Learn More About Our Products
Why Flock
Resources Resources
Case studies, customer stories, how-to guides, webinars, and other resources for making your community safer. Media Kit
Access to Flock Safety’s media resources, including: logos, photos, bios, boilerplates, and more. Articles
Explore the latest #SolvedStories, product announcements & company updates every day FAQ
Answers to all of your most frequently asked questions about Flock Safety. Press
Read, watch and listen to the latest stories of Flock in the news. Learn More About Our Products
Learn More About Our Solutions
Sign In Book a Demo
Privacy Policy for Flock Safety This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand how Flock Group Inc, its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Flock,” “we,” “us” or “our”) collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us on this website or through our Services (as defined in our “Terms of Service”). By using or accessing our Services, you signify your acknowledgment and assent to the Privacy Policy set forth below. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services. Flock is free to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting, but if we do, we will bring it to your attention by placing a notice on the website, notifying you through the Services, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Your use after such change signifies your acceptance of the changed terms. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Collection of Personal Information We gather various types of personal information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this personal information internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our Services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services. If you browse the Flock website, you may generally do so anonymously without providing any personal information. However, there are cases in which we may ask you for personal data. For example, we will occasionally conduct on-line surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. In addition, we may request personal information when you register to receive additional information regarding our products and services, download software, sign up for a newsletter or send us a question. Even if you choose not to give information we request, you can still visit most of the Flock website, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services. In case you change your mind or wish to update or delete your personal information, we will endeavor to correct, update or remove the personal data you give us. You can update or delete your personal information by contacting us at the contact point specified below. Your Flock Camera and Other Flock Products Information input during setup: When you install your device, you may be asked for certain basic information like your device name, description, and geolocation. This information is used to personalize your experience – for example, to tell you which device is triggering a notification. Environmental data from sensors: We collect data from sensors built into some of our devices or products installed on your property. These sensors collect data such as device temperature and ambient light. By recording this information, your device can know, for instance, whether it’s dark and it should turn on night vision. Video and audio signals and data: After you begin using your device, we may process information from your device so that we can send you alerts such as when a car exits your neighborhood. This information processing may include capturing and e-mailing to you portions of this data as part of a notification, or analyzing the data to identify motion or other events. When you access our Cloud Service (as defined in the Terms of Service), we will record and process video and/or audio recordings from your device. In addition, we will capture, process and retain video and audio data recordings from your device for the duration of your recording subscription period, and you will be able to access those recordings using the Services during that time. Technical information from the device: In order to improve your experience over time and help troubleshoot any problem you may encounter with your device, we may record your device serial number, software version, and/or technical information such as cellular signal strength. Saved and Shared Content: You may save and may choose to share certain content like video clips, images, captions, and comments for other people to access using the Services. We will collect and store information that will allow us to save or share your content as directed by you through the Services. Data protection and privacy laws in your country may impose certain responsibilities on you and your use of our products installed on your property. You are responsible for ensuring that you comply with any applicable laws when you use our Services or products. For example, you may need to display a notice that alerts visitors to your neighborhood that you are using the Flock Camera. Note in particular that recording and sharing clips that involve other people may affect their privacy and/or data protection rights. Use of Personal Information Personal information provided by users may be used for marketing and promotional purposes only by Flock and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Flock does not rent, sell or otherwise distribute to third parties, your personal information entered on this site without your consent, unless required by law or as disclosed to you when the information is collected. If you do provide us with consent to share your information with other third party companies, we may share your information with third party companies who offer products and services that may be of interest to you. These companies may then contact you directly with product or sample offers, personalized offers and information, or to ask for your feedback on products and programs that they think may be of interest to you. While we use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, Flock will have no liability for disclosure of any information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties. We may share your personal information with our third party service providers at our discretion. We engage third party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf. In order to perform those services, the service providers may need to know your personal information. We require that they protect this information and only use it to perform services on our behalf. For example, we may use outside shipping companies, credit card processing companies, resellers, distributors, content providers, and/or other service providers. We may share statistical or aggregated non-personal information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. This data is used to customize Flock website content and advertising to deliver a better experience to our users. We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, personal information collected as described in this Privacy Policy could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party. Cookies and IP Tracking This site may use cookies for site administration purposes. If for any reason you wish to not take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser not accept them, although this may disable or render unusable some of the features of the Flock website. This website also may detect and use your IP address or domain name for internal traffic monitoring and capacity purposes or to otherwise administer our website. No personal information is obtained; rather, the patterns of usage of our various users may be tracked to provide you with improved service and content based on aggregate or statistical reviews of user site traffic patterns. Special Cases Flock reserves the right to disclose personal information (including Recordings, as defined in the Terms of Service) in special cases, when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Flock website users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may also access, use, preserve and/or disclose your personal information or Recordings to law enforcement authorities, government officials, and/or third parties, if legally required to do so or if we have a good faith belief that such access, use, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with a legal process or request; (b) enforce our Terms of Service, including investigation of any potential violation thereof; (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property or safety of Flock, its users, a third party, or the public as required or permitted by law. Policies for Children The features, programs, promotions and other aspects of this website requiring personal information are not intended for children. Flock does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please notify us at the contact point specified below. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child’s personal information Linked Sites Please be advised that this website may contain links to third party websites. The linked sites are not under the control of Flock, and we are not responsible for the contents or privacy practices of any linked site or any link on a linked site. Security Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately by limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. We take security seriously and endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other personal information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. As such, you assume the risk of security breaches and all consequences resulting from them. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline. To that end, please safeguard your credentials. Contact Information Flock Safety privacy@flocksafety.com
Solutions Overview HOA Board Members Law Enforcement Commercial Businesses Community Property Managers K-12 Schools Higher Education Elected Official/City Council Builders / Developers Improvement Districts Neighborhood Safety Parking Lot Safety School Safety Organized Retail Crime Healthcare Patient & Staff Safety Real-time Crime Center Products Overview LPR Cameras Flock Safety Falcon® Flock Safety Falcon Flex™ Flock Safety Falcon® LR Flock Safety Falcon® SR Flock Safety Wing® LPR Flock Safety Sparrow® Flock Safety Raven® Flock Safety Condor Flock Safety Wing® FlockOS® Community Camera Registry Company About Us Pricing Careers Refer Flock & Earn $500 Refer Your HOA Board & Get $50 Media Press Media Kit Support FAQs Contact Call Us: 1-866-901-1781 Sign In 2023 Flock Safety. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Legal