Privacy Policy – RTT Software
Saltar al contenido
RTT Software
Privacy Policy RTT Software
Privacy Policy
In RTT, we carry out the development of free applications. Through this page we intend to inform visitors about our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information if someone decides to use our Service.
If you choose to use our service, we understand that you consent to the collection and use of information in connection with this policy. The information we collect is used to provide and improve the service. We will not use or share the information with anyone in particular or with third parties, except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
In order to provide a better experience, when using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to user name and/or email address, as well as location. The information we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The application uses third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Here is the link to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by the application
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Log data
We would also like to inform you that whenever you use our service, savlo app error, we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called log data. This log data may include information such as your device’s Internet Protocol («IP») address, device name, operating system version, application settings when you use our service, the time and date of your use of the Service and other statistics.
Security
We value and appreciate your trust in providing us with your personal information, so we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect it. But please remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to other sites
Your use of the Applications may contain links to other third party sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated or controlled by us. Therefore, we strongly encourage you to review the privacy policy of these websites that you access. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies or practices carried out by these providers.
Service Providers
We may use third party companies and individuals for the following reasons
– To facilitate our Service – To provide service on our behalf – To perform services related to the Service – To help us analyze how our Service is used.
We would also like to inform users that third parties have access to their Personal Data. The reason is to perform tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obliged not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Cookies
Cookies are files containing a small amount of data that are typically used as anonymous unique identifiers. They are sent to your browser from the websites you visit and stored in the internal memory of your device.
This Service does not use these cookies explicitly. However, the application may use third-party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve its services. You have the option through your device to accept or decline these cookies and to know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to reject our cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features of our applications.
Children’s Privacy
Our services are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In the event that we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take appropriate action.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, we encourage you to check this page periodically to see if there are any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-07-18.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at software.rtt@gmail.com.
RTT Software
Funciona gracias a
WordPress