T able priv acy and cookie s t at ement This privacy and cookie s tate ment was last amended on 2 6 October 2021. T able is an applicat ion developed by F ormitable B. V . (hereinaft er re f erred to as: F ormitable). In this application, y ou can cr eate an o verview of your f a vourite r est auran ts, view the a vailability of these res taur ants and mak e r eservations. Y our privacy is of grea t importance to F ormitable. W e theref ore comply with the r elevan t legislation and r egulations on priv acy , including the General Da ta Pr otection Regula tion (GDPR). Our privacy and c ookie sta tement
in brief When processing per sonal dat a, we c omply with privacy legisla tion. This means that we: ●
lay down
our purposes clearly
through this priv acy
and cookie s ta tement be for e processing your per sonal dat a; ●
stor e as little per sonal dat a as possible
and only
st ore those dat a that is r equired f or our purposes; ●
ask explicit permission
f or the pr ocessing of your
per sonal dat a, if permission is r equired; ●
tak e the req uired security measure s
to prot ect your
per sonal dat a. W e also impose these obliga tions on parties that pr ocess per sonal data on our behalf; ●
respect y our rights , such as the right of
access to
and rectific ation or er asure of an y per sonal data
relating t o you tha t we hav e processed. For wha t purposes do we use your per sonal dat a? In this privacy and c ookie st atemen t, we e xplain what we a t Formit able do with inf ormation we learn about you when y ou use the T able applica tion. Through y our use of the application,
we obtain various types of per sonal dat a from y ou. For each purp ose, we indica te what da ta we ob tain fr om you, f or what purpose w e process these da ta and f or how long w e ret ain these dat a. If you ha ve an y questions or w ant to kno w ex actly what inf ormation w e hold on you, please c onta ct us using the details a t the bott om of this privacy and c ookie st atemen t. Contact Y ou can con tact us in v arious wa ys, by t elephone or by email. T o this end, w e will process the f ollowing per sonal dat a: ●
name; ●
email address; ●
telephone number; ●
any in forma tion you en ter your self as the con tent of a m essage. W e use this inf ormation in or der to be able t o handle your c ontact r equest e ff ectively and t o perform the agreemen t with you in this r egar d. W e r etain this in forma tion until we ar e certain tha t you ar e satisfied with o ur response. Download our applica tion In order t o use our application, y ou must down load our application. Y ou can do this via the App Store or via the Google Pla y Store. W e have no con trol ov er which person al data the pr ovider concern ed ( Apple
or
Google ) proce sses and for wha t purpose.
W e ther ef ore advise y ou to read
the relev ant privacy and c ookie st atemen ts of the provider c oncerned. P age
1
of
4
Account T o use our applic ation, you mus t log in to y our account. Fir st, y ou must r egist er . Once you hav e regis tered, y ou can log in with y our account
and access the application. Y ou can also log in using your Google
account or
via a
Magic Link
that is sent t o
your email addr ess. If you w ant to kno w what these parties do with your per sonal dat a, please read the priv acy st at ement of the party concerned. T o this end, w e will process the f ollowing per sonal dat a: ●
email address; ●
telephone number; ●
Google account da ta. W e use these dat a in order t o be able to perf orm the agr eement we en ter int o with you. W e ret ain these dat a until you c ancel your acco unt or hav e not log ged in f or two years. In bot h cases, we assume that y ou no longer wish to mak e use of our services. Use of application Once you ha ve creat ed an account and logged in, y ou can start using the applic ation. Within the application, y ou can discover and f ollow rest auran ts, view the availability of thes e rest aurants and mak e reservations. In addition, y ou may ha ve previously used our services by making a r eser va tion with one of our affilia ted rest auran ts via our reserv ation widget on t he rest aurant ’ s website. Based on this previous
reserva tion (or reserva tions), if you choose, w e can also show y ou an overview of res taur ants that ar e relevan t to you in
the application and y our reserva tions. T o this end, w e will process the f ollowing personal dat a: ●
account de tails; ●
name; ●
location de tails; ●
paymen t details; ●
reserva tion details; ●
previous r eser va tions; ●
any r estaur ants you ha ve added to your o verview . W e use these data in or der to be able to perf orm the agreement w e enter in to with you. W e retain these dat a until you c ancel your acco unt or if you ha ve not logged in for tw o year s. In both cases, we assume that y ou no longer wish to mak e use of our services. W e retain some da ta f or longer if we are requir ed to do so by la w (for e xample, because of the t ax -related r etention oblig ation). W e will only process your loc ation dat a on the basis of your consent. Y ou can withdraw y our consent at an y time by adjusting y our pref erences in your phone set tings. Notifications If you use our applic ation, you migh t choose to allow us to send notifica tions. These messages will then appear on your de vice. T o this end, w e will process the f ollowing personal dat a: ●
reserva tion details (da te, time and rest aurant); ●
waiting lis t av ailability; ●
email address. P age
2
of
4
W e will only use these data if y ou hav e consent ed to it. W e will ret ain this inf ormation until y ou withdra w your c onsent. Y ou can withdr aw your consent
at an y time by adjusting y our pref erences in your phone set tings. When can we shar e your personal dat a with third parties? W e will only share your per sonal data with third pa rties where this is permit ted under the curr ent legislation. W e may pr ovide your personal da ta to third parties bec ause: ●
we ha ve eng aged them to pr ocess certain dat a; ●
this is requir ed in perf orming the agreemen t with you; ●
you ha ve provided permission t o do so; ●
we ha ve a legitimat e interes t in doing so; ●
we ar e legally oblig ed to do so (f or example, if the police so demand in c ase of a suspicion of a crime). The parties that pr ocess personal data on
our or your instructi on include: ●
IT suppliers and IT s ervice provider s; ●
the hosting party; ●
paymen t ser vice provider s; ●
affilia ted re staur ants; ●
partners. In order t o provide our services, w e may pr ovide your personal da ta to p arties locat ed outside the European E conomic Area (EEA). W e only do so if the per sonal data ar e processed with an approp riate level of pr otection. This means, for e xample, that w e use a model agreemen t of the European Commission or mak e agreements concernin g the handling of personal da ta. Are y our personal dat a protected? W e have t ak en appropria te tec hnical and org anisational measures ag ainst loss or any f orm of unlawful pr ocessing (such as unauthorised inspection, impairment, alt eration or pr ovision of personal da ta) in c onnection with the processing of per sonal data to be perf ormed. In addition, the personal da ta w e obtain fr om you will only be s tor ed within the European E conomic Area. What priv acy rights do you
have? Y ou hav e the follo wing rights:
●
right of access : y ou hav e the right to access an y
personal dat a rela ting to you tha t we process; ●
right to r ectification:
you ha ve the right t o correct
or supplement an y personal dat a relating to yo u that we pr ocess if they are incorr ect or incomplet e; ●
right to objec t : you can object t o the processing
of y our personal dat a and to direct mark eting; ●
right to er asure:
you c an ask us to delet e your per sonal
data;
●
right to withd ra w your consen t : if you ha ve given
us permissio n to proces s personal da ta, you can w ithdra w this consent a t any time;
●
right to da ta portability : insof ar as this is technically
possible, y ou have the right t o have an y personal da ta r elating to y ou that we process tr ansfer red to a thir d party; ●
right to r estrict processing : in some cases, y ou may
ask us to r estrict the pr ocessing of your personal da ta (t emporarily or otherwise).
In the even t of such a reques t, we ma y ask you t o provide iden tification. W e do this to confirm that you ar e indeed the person t o whom the personal dat a belong. P age
3
of
4
In principle, we will c omply with your r equest within one month.
Howev er , this term ma y be ext ended by two mon ths for r easons relating to the specific priv acy rights or the complexity o f the reques t. If we e xtend this term, w e will inf orm you in good time. If you wish t o ex ercise any of y our rights, you can let
us know via privacy@f ormitable.com. Amendments t o this privacy and cookie s tatemen t Clearly , if our application chang es, we also ha ve to amend ou r privacy and cookie s tatemen t. There for e, you should c onsult this privacy and c ookie sta tement on a regular basis f or the most up-to-dat e information. Questions or complain ts If you ha ve any questions o r wish to complain about the use of y our personal dat a, you can c ontact us using the cont act details at the bot tom of this priv acy and cookie s tat ement. W e handle every question and c omplaint int ernally and will discuss this with you in furthe r detail. If y ou believe w e hav e not handled your da ta pr operly , you hav e the right to submit a complain t to the supervisory authority , the
Dutch Dat a Protection Authority .
Contact de tails Formit able B. V ., trading under the name T able Elandsstr aat 44L 1016SG Amst erdam Email address: t able@f ormitable.com T elephone number: +31 20 238 4171 Chamber of Commerce num ber: 67619665 P age
4
of
4