Privacy Policy | Doba Skip to main content Be a Supplier Integrations Shopify WooCommerce Amazon Bigcommerce eBay Newegg Wix Square Walmart Shift4Shop Retailer API Pricing Affiliate Help Center Resources Blog All Categories
Home, Garden & Tools
Beauty & Health
Outdoor
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
Toys, Kids & Baby
Sports
Pets
Electronics
Computers, Office Supplies
Industrial
Arts & Crafts
Automotive
Entertainment Login Register Now New Arrivals Top Sellers High Profit Blowout Sale Premium Suppliers All Products Share & Earn New User Benefit Privacy Policy 1. Our Commitment to Your Protection 2. The Information We Collect 3. Device Permissions 4. How Your Information is Used 5. Types of Doba Communication 6. How Your Information is Shared 7. How Your Information is Transferred 8. How Your Information is Disclosed 9. Third-party SDKs 10. Your Rights 11. How Your Information is Protected 12. Children's Privacy 13. Global Transfer of Information 14. Changes To This Privacy Policy 15. Contact Us 16. Supplemental Terms This version was updated on
Jul 31, 2023 18:36:44 (PST)
and became effective from   Aug 7, 2023 18:36:44 (PST) . Check the
previous version
here. Welcome to Doba.com!
Doba, Inc and/or its affiliates (“Doba”, "we”, “us”, “our”) are the services provider and operator of Doba. Doba refers to Doba.com, Doba Direct application and mobile website, and other services as described in the Doba Terms and Conditions (collectively, the “Services”). Doba values the protection of personal information and privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). When you use the Services, we may collect and access your personal information. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of how we collect, store, use, and share such information, as well as the ways we provide you to access, update, control, and protect such information.
Data Controller: Doba, Inc is the controller of any personal information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policies of any third parties you access prior to submitting any personal information.
We have chosen to use plain language to ensure that you fully understand this privacy policy and to make an educated decision on how to move forward. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, your request to use our Service will be revoked.
1. Our Commitment to Your Protection
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this Privacy Policy explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this Privacy Policy easy to find, we make it available from our footer navigation that is found on every page of our website. When you register with Doba, we ask you for personal information. This information is used to process your orders, conduct account verifications, and communicate with you about the status of your orders. The email address you provide will be used to send you newsletters you automatically subscribe to during registration, as well as messages about special offers, promotional announcements, and customer satisfaction surveys. Occasionally, we will send our customers special offers and promotional information via postal mail, using the shipping address provided. If you no longer want to receive the newsletters or other announcements, simply unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe links and following the page instructions.
2. The Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our products and services.
Information You Give Us
You choose to give us certain information when using the Services. This information includes, but is not limited to:
Account Registration Information
When you create an account with Doba, we may collect certain information about you, such as:
First and last name
Unique identifiers (such as username and password)
Phone number
Email address
Business information (name, address, telephone number, website, EIN, etc.)
Once you register, you will be able to review and change this information at any time just by logging in to your Doba account. It is your responsibility to ensure that your account details are kept up to date.
Payment and Purchase Information
If you make any purchases from Doba, we will need to process your payment and purchase information. The exact personal information collected and used will vary depending on the payment method. This information includes, but is not limited to:
Billing address
Credit or debit card information
Alternative payment information (Wire Transfer, PrePay, PayPal, Payoneer, etc.)
Retail site URL or marketplace name
Shipping account information
Doba Direct Order Information
After an order is placed, the order confirmation page will be used for tracking your order’s shipment, requesting a return/refund, or reviewing the order information. It is suggested to bookmark or save this page for future access. Please do not share your order confirmation page or any other page(s) regarding your order details such as the return and refund information, shipping details, etc. with any third party. If such a page is shared with a third party, the third party will have full access to your order’s information.
Other Information
If you contact Doba’s Customer Care team, we do collect the information you give us during the interaction. All interactions are stored and recorded, and may be used to monitor customer satisfaction or for training purposes to ensure high-quality service.
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we collect from other sources include, but are not limited to:
Other users of the Services may provide information regarding you or your business when contacting Doba’s Customer Care team.
When you register with Doba, through a third-party platform such as Shopify, BigCommerce, etc. you are agreeing that your information may be shared from the platform to Doba. Information that may be shared with Doba through third-party registration includes but is not limited to customer identification, first and last name, email address, or phone number.
We may collect information about you from third-party services, such as advertising partners, data and analytics providers.
If your personal information is disclosed to the public by yourself, or appears in legal news reports, government information disclosure and/or other public channels, we may collect such information.
Information We Collect Automatically
We, or authorized third parties, automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Services, even if you do not have an account. This information includes, but is not limited to:
Usage Information
We collect all information about your service usage activity. This includes, but is not limited to how often the Service is utilized (i.e. the month, day, and time you log in; features you have previously and are currently using, searching and clicking) and how you interact with other users of the Services (i.e. users you connect and interact with, the month, date and time of your exchanges, and number of messages you both send and receive).
Device Information
We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Services, such as the unique device identifier, IP address, MAC address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, model of your device, the device system, system language, network type, device ID (including IMEI, Android ID or IDFA), your screen resolution and operating system, application and file names and types, audio settings and connected audio devices.
We may also collect information about your device to diagnose application performance, including battery life, load time, latency time, frame rate, or technical diagnostic information.
Cookies and Cached Images and Files
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device by us to ensure that the Service is running properly to be easily accessed and used. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and a string of numbers and characters. Our websites, online services, interactive applications, email, and other services may use cookies and cached images and files. This information is generally treated as non-personal information as they do not contain any of your personally identifiable information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by the laws of the countries concerned. We follow the laws of the countries concerned.
We and our partners use cookies and cached images and files to better understand the use of Services on your device, how often you use the Services, events that occur within the Services, cumulative usage, performance data, and where the Services are accessed. We and our partners use cookies and cached images and files to analyze trends, administer the site, track site usage behavior, and collect demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may cooperate with third parties to display ads on our websites or to manage our ads on other websites. Our third-party partners may use cookies and cached images and files to show ads based on your browsing history and interests.
We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can also clear all the cookies saved on your device through the “Settings” option in your web browser and the “Settings” option within the Doba Direct application. You can choose not to be tracked and opt out from ads based on interests (if applicable) by deleting all cookies or resetting your web browser entirely (clearing cookies and cached images and files).
3. Device Permissions
When you are using the Doba Direct application, we may obtain the following permissions from you. You can refuse to grant such permissions, or revoke the permissions previously granted in the settings menu on your device. Refusing or revoking such permissions may not affect your use of other functions of the Doba Direct application.
Access to device storage.
Access to photos on your device.
Access to the internet (cellular or/and Wi-Fi).
Sending you notifications.
4. How Your Information is Used
The primary use of your personal information, other than directly in connection with a purchase, is to efficiently provide you with personalized, relevant information. We may use your registration information to send you updates regarding new features or other offers of interest and to address customer service needs or requests.
The information collected is used for:
Administering your account to provide our services and features.
Personalizing our service and user experience.
Processing payments.
Enforcing our Terms and Conditions.
Sending promotional materials from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
Processing, shipping, and completing the delivery of orders.
Understanding, diagnosing, troubleshooting, and fixing issues with the Services.
Improving our service and developing new features.
Preventing, detecting, and fighting fraud and/or other illegal or unauthorized activities.
Complying with legal requirements.
Assisting law enforcement.
Any additional purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
5. Types of Doba Communication
Special Offers and Updates
We send all new members a welcome email to verify their password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and newsletters. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. We also send all registrants special offers and updates regarding our services. If you are a former customer, you will continue to receive special offers and updates regarding our services. To discontinue receiving communication from Doba, you may unsubscribe at any time.
Newsletters
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as first and last name along with their email address. Out of respect for our user’s privacy, we provide a way to opt out of receiving Doba newsletters.
Service Announcements and Notifications
If there is any change to our service that directly affects our users such as site maintenance, we will notify all users via email. Service announcements or notifications generally do not have an opt-out option. If you are a former customer and no longer wish to receive service announcements and notifications, you will need to deactivate your account entirely. These announcements and notifications are for site usage ability for our users and not for promotional use.
Customer Service
Doba communicates with users on a daily basis through instant messaging, email, and phone to provide high-quality support for users that have questions or experience issues with service usage or offered features.
Other
During the registration process, we collect phone information so that we may contact you for account management purposes. We will also call you throughout the duration of your trial or service to provide answers to any questions, as well as to offer additional promotions only available via phone. We or our authorized marketing partners, may periodically contact you for the purposes of improving our services by asking you to answer questionnaires, complete satisfaction surveys, or by offering you other services that we feel you may benefit from.
6. How Your Information is Shared
Doba will not share your personal information provided in connection with membership registration or purchases without your knowledge and consent as described in this Privacy Policy or as may be required by law, or to protect the rights or property of Doba. Information submitted by you online (such as information about products you purchase utilizing the Services, your first and last name, address, phone number, and email address) may be shared with companies with which we have a commercial relationship, including companies through which you reached Doba. For example, if you make a purchase with us because of a special offer made through another site acting as a distributor of our products, in that circumstance you will be considered their customer as well. We may also share information about you (including first and last name, address, email address, and phone number) with our marketing partners and/or other companies with whom we have a commercial relationship so they may contact you about information and services that we feel you would benefit from.
In order to provide evaluation, analysis, or other business services, we may also share your non-personal information with third parties. For example, we may use aggregated data to help partners (e.g., advertising service providers) understand the effectiveness, feedback, and usage trends of their services.
In the event that you elect to register or log in to Doba utilizing a third-party account (such as Facebook, Google, etc.), we may collect, store, and utilize your personal information within the scope of your authorization. We warrant that we shall process your personal information in strict accordance with our Terms and Conditions and all applicable laws and regulations. You are advised to thoroughly review the third party’s privacy policy and user agreement. Should you refuse the collection, utilization, or transmission of your personal information by the third party in the provision of services, it may result in your inability to utilize our services and features.
7. How Your Information is Transferred
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual without obtaining your explicit consent.
We will not, unless required by law, transfer your payment information to any other party. However, if you choose to use a credit/debit/prepaid card to pay for your orders, your card information will be transferred to a third-party card payment service provider, for payment processing purposes only. In this case, your card information will be subject to the third-party’s privacy policy as well.
In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, asset transfer, and other related transaction, if a personal information transfer is involved, we will require the new entity or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy through an agreement or other appropriate measures, and we will require such subject to take confidentiality and security measures of a degree no less than the requirements of this privacy policy to process personal information.
8. How Your Information is Disclosed
We will only disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
With your explicit consent.
To comply with legal or governmental requirements.
If you seriously violate this policy or the Terms of Doba, we may disclose your personal information to protect our users or the public from harm, in accordance with laws and regulations or with your consent.
In accordance with laws and reasonable business practices, we may need to disclose your personal information during mergers, acquisitions, or other capital market activities. We will require any entities involved to keep your personal information confidential by signing confidentiality agreements with them.
We also reserve the right to disclose aggregated user statistics, such as “45% of our users are female”, to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties. Under the protection of confidentiality agreements, Doba may match common user information, such as name, address, email address, and phone number with third-party data to avoid duplication, prevent errors, and fight fraud.
9. Third-party SDKs
To fully implement the Services, we embed third-party software development kits (SDK) into the Doba Direct application.
Name
Provider's Name
Provider's Privacy Policy
Purpose
Information Collected
Collecting Method
Sentry SDK
Sentry Team and Contributors
Click the link
Acquiring App crash information, to analyze and improve App functions.
Device sensor, ISP, device platform, time stamp, application identifier, application version, device model, operating system version, user location, time zone, internet status, storage, and battery information. May require permission of accessing to device sensors.
Embedded SDK
Sensors SDK
Sensors Data
Click the link
Acquiring use behavior information, for data analysis.
Device information (IMEI and MEID), MAC address, and internet status
Embedded SDK
Glide
Glide
Click the link
For loading photos.
Device storage information
Embedded SDK
OkHttp
Square
Click the link
For internet applications, exchanging data and media.
IP address and domain name
Embedded SDK
Google Sign-in
Google
Click the link
Acquiring Authentication information for registration and logging in to Doba with a Google account.
Email address
Embedded SDK
Facebook Sign-in
Meta
Click the link
Acquiring Authentication information for registration and logging in to Doba with a Facebook account.
Email address
Embedded SDK
When using products and services provided by third parties through these SDKs, they may require certain permissions. Please carefully read and follow their user agreement and privacy policy.
Some third-party plug-ins or applications we embed may collect your personal information. By using their services, you agree to their direct collection and processing of your information. The embedment of third-party plug-ins may vary by service. For details, please visit the corresponding service page and check each service's specific terms and relevant pages. You can also contact us at dpo@doba.com for a reply within 7 working days.
Third-party social media or other services are operated by the respective third parties. Your use of these services, including any information you provide to them, is subject to their own service terms and privacy policies, not Doba’s Privacy Policy. Please carefully read their terms and policies. This Privacy Policy only applies to the personal information we collect and does not apply to any third-party services or information usage rules. If you find any risks in using third-party services, it is recommended that you stop using them to protect your rights and interests and contact us in a timely manner.
10. Your Rights
Privacy laws applicable in your country may give you rights including, but not limited to:
Right to be informed: what personal information an organization is processing and why (we provide this information to you in this Policy).
Right of access: you can request a copy of your data.
Right of rectification: if the data held is inaccurate, you have the right to have it corrected.
Right to erasure: you have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing: in limited circumstances, you have the right to request that processing is stopped but the data retained.
Right to data portability: you can request a copy of certain data in a machine-readable form that can be transferred to another provider.
Right to object: in certain circumstances (including where data is processed based on legitimate interests or for the purposes of marketing) you may object to that processing.
Rights related to automated decision-making including profiling: there are several rights in this area where processing carried out on a solely automated basis results in a decision that has legal or significant effects for the individual. In these circumstances, your rights include the right to ensure that there is human intervention in the decision-making process.
The particular rights which are applicable to you may vary depending on your country. You should make yourself aware of the rights you have under applicable privacy laws in your country.
You can access and edit most of your profile information by logging into Doba, and if you want to exercise any of your rights listed above, you can also contact our Data Protection Officer. For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity before we can answer the above requests.
If you feel we have not resolved your concern, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local privacy or data protection regulator.
11. How Your Information is Protected
Doba takes every precaution to protect our user’s information. When a user submits sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and offline.
When our registration or order form asks a user to enter sensitive information (such as debit or credit card numbers), that information is encrypted and protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Mozilla Firefox becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just “surfing.” The order forms you fill out through the Doba Direct application or web pages are also encrypted and transmitted securely to Doba.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information offline. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only authorized employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the web servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, behind a locked cage in a locked facility.
12. Children's Privacy
The Services are restricted to users who are under the age of 18 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction (in certain cases this age may be higher due to local regulatory requirements, please see your local privacy policy for more information). We do not knowingly collect any information about or market to children, minors, or anyone under the age of 18 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction. If you are less than 18 years old or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction, we request that you do not submit information to us. If we become aware that a child, minor, or anyone under the age of 18 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction has registered with us and provided us with personal information, we will take steps to terminate that person’s registration.
13. Global Transfer of Information
If you are located in the United States, your personal information will be stored within the United States. If you are located in China, your personal information will be stored within China. You understand and agree that, as we provide products or services through resources and servers worldwide, we may store the information collected under this policy on servers in countries/regions other than China/United States or provide your personal information to affiliates or third parties outside China/United States, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations on cross-border transmission of personal information.
These jurisdictions may have different data protection laws or even no relevant laws. In such cases, we will ensure that your personal information is sufficiently protected. For example, we may ask for your consent to the cross-border transfer of personal information or implement security measures such as data de-identification before cross-border data transfer. If you do not approve the export of information or want to know more, please email dpo@doba.com. We will take appropriate measures based on your email, but parts or all of the Services may become unavailable due to your disapproval of the export of information.
14. Changes To This Privacy Policy
Doba reserves the right to make any amendments, modifications, or changes to this privacy policy at any time to reflect the changes in our business, technology, and applicable law and practice. In the event of this policy’s modification, we will notify you of the latest policy here on this webpage
( https://www.doba.com/site/privacy ),
send you email notifications regarding the modification, and/or post it on our official website. Please pay attention to the website and the email notifications we send to you for the latest updates of this policy. Although this policy may be modified, your rights under this policy will not be diminished without your explicit consent.
We will ask for your explicit consent again in accordance with applicable laws before we collect additional personal information from you or when we use or disclose your personal information for new purposes. Your continued use of the Services through a desktop, mobile application, and/or any other device constitutes your agreement to the updated privacy policy.
15. Contact Us
If you have any additional comments, questions, or concerns regarding this policy or practices of personal information protection, please reach out to us through the contact information below.
Our Data Protection Officer:
dpo@doba.com
Mailing address: Doba, Inc. Attn: Data Protection Officer 3300 N Triumph Blvd #G40 Lehi, UT 84043, USA
We will review your request(s) as soon as possible and respond to your request(s) within 15 days after receiving, reviewing, and verifying your user identity. If your request involves a significant issue, we may ask you for more information prior to offering a resolution.
16. Supplemental Terms
If you are using the Services in the state of California, USA, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main privacy policy, the following terms shall prevail:
California Consumer Privacy Act.
For Users who are California residents, you have the following extra rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, and you have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the Act:
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you and explain how we have collected, used, and shared your personal information over the past 12 months.
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
We did not sell personal information and therefore did not process requests for opt-out of sale.
California “Shine The Light” Law.  For users located in California, we do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
In addition, under California law, operators of online services are required to disclose how they respond to “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third-party online service, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. At this time, we do not track our users’ personal information over time and across third-party online services. This law also requires operators of online services to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different online services when the users use the operator’s service. We do not knowingly permit third parties to collect personal information about an individual user’s online activities over time and across different online services.
Last updated
Jul 31, 2023 18:36:44 (PST) Doba is the industry-leading dropshipping platform for aspiring and established e-commerce entrepreneurs alike. Bridge the gap between retailers and wholesale suppliers, establishing the necessary relationship for dropshipping success. View More Company Careers Return & Refund Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Doba Inc
3300 N Triumph Blvd
#G40
Lehi, UT 84043 Doba Inc 3300 N Triumph Blvd
#G40 Lehi, UT 84043 Resources API Blog 跨境卖家入驻 Sell on Doba Doba Shop Affiliate Program Doba Direct Support Help Center Get in Touch Submit an IPR Complaint Doba is the industry-leading dropshipping platform for aspiring and established e-commerce entrepreneurs alike. Bridge the gap between retailers and wholesale suppliers, establishing the necessary relationship for dropshipping success. View More © 2023  Focus Technology Co., Ltd.   All Rights Reserved Back to Top We make use of cookies to enhance browsing experience and provide additional functionality. To learn more about the different cookies we‘re using, check out our
Privacy Policy
please. Allow Cookies Hi, I am your Doba Shopping Assistant.