Accueil Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Vimeo Creation Tools - Privacy Policy Last Updated: September 30, 2022 This Privacy Policy explains the information that Vimeo.com, Inc. (" Vimeo ," " we " " us " or " our "). collects when you use our
Magisto, Chant, and Videofy
video creation tools (collectively, the " Services "), how that information is used, with whom it may be shared, and your privacy choices. 1. Introduction Who we are and what we do Our Magisto, Chant, and Videofy services allow users to create videos using AI-based technology. Acceptance and Changes By registering for, downloading, or using our services, you accept this Privacy Policy, which is part of our
Terms of Service . We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any modified version of our Privacy Policy at https://www.magisto.com/privacy. If we change the Privacy Policy in a way that materially lessens our commitments to you, we will provide notice to registered users by email or other methods. 2. Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals who are under the minimum required ages specified herein. You must be at least 16 years of age, or the age of majority in your jurisdiction (whichever is greater), to use our services. Individuals under the applicable age may use our services only through a parent or legal guardian's account and with their involvement. If you are a parent or legal guardian who believes your child has provided personal information to Vimeo without your consent, you may ask us to delete such information by using our
support form . 3. Data We Collect About You We collect information about you when you use our services. In addition, third parties may collect information about you when you use our services. Collected information may include or reflect personal information that could identify you, as well as non-personal information. We refer to your information as " your data " for short. Account Information To create an account, you must provide a valid email address and password, and may choose to provide additional personal information like your name and location. If you choose to sign-up and/or authenticate using a third-party account (e.g., Facebook, Google), you authorize us to obtain account information from the third-party platform. Financial Information To make a purchase, you may need to provide a valid payment method (e.g., credit card or PayPal account). Your payment information will be collected and processed by our authorized payment vendors. We do not directly collect or store credit or debit card numbers ourselves in the ordinary course of processing transactions. If we allow purchase through a third-party platform (i.e., in-app purchase), the payment method stored with the third-party platform will be charged. Content Accountholders may create an account and upload and create content such as videos, text, photographs, and artwork. Your profile may display information about you and your activities. This information may be accessed by others. Your videos may be viewed and otherwise accessed by others, and associated metadata (e.g., titles, descriptions, tags, etc.) are viewable by others. Your interactions with other users (e.g., comments, "likes," private messages) may be seen by others. We may offer tools that allow you to limit the availability of your profile and videos. For more details, see
Section 9 . Other Information You May Submit You may submit data to us for limited purposes such as requesting customer support; answering a questionnaire; participating in a study or survey; entering contests or sweepstakes; or signing up to receive communications from us or another user. Object Detection Information If you submit images or videos to us in connection with our video creation and editing tools, these tools analyze such content using a variety of techniques, including machine-learning algorithms, for the sole purpose of creating a video at your direction. In doing so, the tools may derive facial-related information from your content solely for the purpose of creating a video for you. This information may be used, for example, to locate a face within a frame. Facial landmarks are retained for 48 hours after a video editing session. We do not collect, use, or store any facial-related information for the purpose of recognizing faces outside of the limited video-creation purposes set forth herein. Automatically-Collected Information We automatically collect certain types of data when you use our services, regardless of whether you have an account. This data includes your IP address, technical information about your device (e.g., browser type, operating system, basic device information), the web page you visited or search query you entered before reaching us, and your activities. We may track your activities using cookies and similar technologies. By using our services, you agree to our use of these methods as set forth in our
Cookie Policy . Information Collected by Third Parties Some third parties may collect data about you when you use our services. This may include data you submit (such as payment information) or automatically-collected information (in the case of third-party analytics providers and advertising partners). We may obtain data from third parties about you. We may combine that data with information that we have collected. For example, some advertisers or advertising platforms may allow us to determine what other online services you might use so that we may place relevant ads on those services. 4. How We Use Your Data We may use your data for the following purposes: Identification and authentication:
We use your data to verify you when you access your account. Operating our services:
We use your data to provide our services, process and fulfill orders, provide customer support, and to otherwise comply with our contractual obligations to you. We (and/or our third-party vendors) use your financial information to process purchases made by you. Communicating with you:
We use your data when we communicate with you (e.g., when we respond to a customer support or other inquiry). Improving our services:
We use your data to understand how our services are being used and how we can improve them. In general, we analyze aggregated data, rather than specific user data. We may, however, need to analyze a specific case to address a specific problem (e.g., a bug that affects only a few accounts). Customizing your experience:
We use your data to personalize the service to you. This may include remembering your preferences for language or volume or displaying videos that you might enjoy, based upon your viewing choices. Marketing and advertising:
We use your data to show you ads on third-party sites and to send you offers. We may also use your data in delivering third-party advertisements to you. This may include "targeted ads" based upon your activities. Exercising our rights:
Where reasonably necessary, we use your data to exercise our legal rights and prevent abuse of our service. For example, we may use your data to detect and prevent fraud, spam, or content that violates our Terms of Service. Legal compliance:
We use your data where we are legally required to do so. For example, we may need to gather your data to respond to a subpoena or court order. Protecting your information:
Where appropriate, we may anonymize, backup, and delete certain data. We may use algorithms and other automated means to implement any of the above. Whenever we process your data for one of these purposes, we have determined that one or more of the following lawful bases apply: Performance of a contract; Legitimate commercial interest; Compliance with a legal obligation; or Consent If you require further information about the balancing test that Vimeo has undertaken to justify its reliance on legitimate interest as a lawful basis of processing, see
Section 15
for information on how to contact us. 5. With Whom We Share Your Data We share data with third parties as follows: As you instruct:
We may make your profile and videos available to others as you instruct in using our services. We may share your data with persons to whom you have granted account-level access. With your consent:
We may share your data with third parties where we have obtained your express consent to do so. Authorized vendors:
We may share your data with third-party vendors that help us operate our services, process orders, and comply with your instructions and our contractual obligations. This includes payment processors, content delivery networks (CDNs), cloud-based hosting services, monitoring services, email service providers, quality assurance and testing vendors, fraud and abuse prevention vendors, and customer relations management (CRM) vendors. Advertising:
We may share your data with advertising companies to display relevant ads to you. Analytics:
We may share your data with analytics providers which help us understand how customers are using our services. Affiliates and advisors:
We may share your data with our auditors and advisors for planning, financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax filings, and legal compliance. We may share your data with our affiliates to the extent necessary to provide you with the services ordered. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse