Privacy Policy - Legible.com Skip to main content Discover
Legible Unbound
-
Unlimited Listening & Reading - Search Menu Browse Categories Login Privacy Policy As of June 22nd, 2020 The following sets out Legible’s privacy policy. Legible is committed to respecting its member’s privacy and to complying with applicable privacy laws. The following policy sets out the type of information which we may collect, use, disclose and protect based on your use of our website, our platform and our app. By continuing to use our website, our platform or our app, you are agreeing to this policy. In addition, this policy is incorporated into our General Terms of Use, available
here . Who We Collect Personal Information From We collect personal information from you when you visit our website and when you log onto our platform, either as a reader of content (a member) or as someone that submits content to be published on our platform (a publishing organization), whether in a browser or an app (collectively, the platform). We collect personal information that you provide directly and voluntarily to us. Personal Information That We Collect
The type of personal information that we collect from you depends on the nature of our relationship with you and the requirements of applicable law. For Individuals on our Website For individuals who visit our website, we use internet technologies (see below) to keep track of interactions that you have with our website. These internet technologies include the use of cookies and web beacons, which collect information such as your location, your IP address, whether you’ve visited our website before and actions you take on our website (such as links clicked and pages viewed). You can adjust your browser settings to reduce or eliminate our ability to collect information about your use of our website through internet technologies, but this may reduce our ability to identify you as a returning guest or as a member and reduce the functionality of our website. For Members on our Platform Individuals who log onto our platform to review content must first register with Legible and create a Legible account. For these members, we collect the following types of personal information: first name, last name and email address. In addition, we use internet technologies (see below) and collect analytical data to track your use of our Platform. For Publishing Organizations on our Platform Individuals who log onto our platform to contribute content must first register with Legible and create a Legible publisher account. For these publishing organizations, we collect the following types of personal information: first name, last name, email address, physical address, business name and tax number. In addition, we use internet technologies (see below) to keep track of your interactions with our platform. Our Use of Internet Technologies We collect passive data about your use of our website and platform through the use of internet technologies. Examples of internet technologies includes, but is not limited to, cookies, web beacons, IP addresses, log files and navigational data. These internet technologies are small files placed on your computer or device that allows us to record certain information about your use of our website and our platform. They are necessary for our website and platform to operate at an optimal level and to help us understand better how you use our website and our platform. You can adjust your browser settings to turn certain of these features off, however, it will impact the performance of our website and platform. Our Use of Social Authentication/Social Login Our platform allows members to sign into their account using existing information from a third party social networking service. This simplifies the sign in process for our members. When using your social networking account, such as Facebook and Google, for authentication into our platform, we may have access to some of your social media account information. Our Use of Analytics We use our own analytic algorithms to collect information about your use of our website and our platform. We use this information to further develop our website, to enhance the user experience of our platform and to make recommendations to you for content that you might find interesting based on the content that you have already consumed. We also use Google Analytics to provide insight into how our website and our platform are performing, such as the amount of traffic on a particular page and how long that page is viewed. Marketing Communications and Advertisements We may use information we have about you, such as through our analytic algorithms, to provide you with information through the platform or via email about offers, products and services available from us or from third parties. We may also use certain third party tools such as Google Adsense to provide interest-based advertising. Interest-based advertising is advertising that tries to make the advertisements that you see more relevant to you based on your user profile. Depending on the terms of your subscription, you may be able to opt out of these marketing communications and advertisements. How We Use Your Personal Information We use your personal information for a number of different reasons. Depending on the terms of your subscription, you may be able to opt-out of some of the uses identified below or by adjusting your browser and device settings. Providing Services to You Legible uses your personal information to provide you with access to the platform and to administer your account. Examples include verifying your identify, processing your subscription and enforcing our General Terms of Use. Development of the Platform We may use non-identifiable information about you, such as in an aggregated or pseudonymous manner, to help us develop and enhance our platform and the services offered within it. Examples include identifying bottlenecks on the platform and measuring interest in a certain feature or specific content within the platform. Enhancing Your Experience We may use non-identifiable personal information about you, such as through our analytics, to enhance user experience of our platform. Examples include making recommendations of content that you might enjoy based on the previous content that you have consumed. Marketing Products and Services We may use non-identifiable personal information about you, such as through our analytics, to provide you with information about offers, products and services available to our members from third parties. Examples include links to bookstores that sell books with the same or similar content that you are consuming within the platform. Sharing Content with Friends and Colleagues We may use various tools and functionality to allow you to share comments and content with a friend or colleague who also has an account on the platform. Legible Does Not Sell or Share Your Personal Information Legible does not sell, disclosure or share your personal information. Legible may share analytics about your use of the platform, such as Google Analytics. We require all employees, contractors and third party service providers to protect the confidentiality of all personal information of our members and to only use such information for the purpose of providing products and services to Legible and our members. Links to Third Party Websites Where we provide you with links to third party websites, we do so for your convenience and information. Legible does not endorse or make any representations about third party websites, about any products or services that they may offer or about their privacy or security posture, policy or procedures. You are encouraged to review the privacy and security policies of all third parties before continuing on their website or submitting any of your personal information to them. Disclosure of Information Where Compelled by Law We may disclose personal information about our members if we are required to do so by law, court order or legal process, in response to lawful requests from competent authorities and to assist law enforcement activities. We may also disclose personal information about our members where necessary or appropriate, as determined by Legible, acting in good faith, to prevent actual or suspected illegal activity, to enforce the General Terms of Service and our other policies and legal terms and, more generally, if we believe such disclosure to be necessary or advisable. Please review our Policy Against Prohibited Activity, available
here . We believe in creating an open, inviting, comfortable and safe environment and we will pursue legal action and will work with law enforcement and other authorities where appropriate. Data Transfers, Security All personal information collected by us may be stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States. All personal information is protected by security protocols developed by Legible using best practice and industry standards. Legible takes security and privacy concerns seriously, however, we cannot guarantee 100% security of your information and by continuing to use the platform, you agree to proceed at your own risk. Retention and Deletion For as long as your account is active, Legible will maintain your personal information and endeavor to ensure the security and accuracy of that information. If you delete your account or if your account is inactive for more than 6 months, your personal information and all other information and content within that account will be promptly deleted. Once deleted, we are unable to restore or recapture this information. In certain circumstances, such as an unresolved dispute, an on-going investigation, unpaid fees or other legitimate business purposes, as determined by Legible in its sole discretion and acting in good faith, we may keep your account information, including any personal information, for a longer period of time. Updates, Questions, Concerns Legible reserves the right to update and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. The current version of this Privacy Policy will be posted
here
and will indicate the effective date of the change. By continuing to use the platform, you acknowledge and agree to the current version of this policy. If you have any questions or concerns about the treatment of your personal information or about this policy, please contact us at
support@legible.com Legible Logo Our Mission Legible empowers and connects authors and readers through open access to a global reading and publishing platform. Getting Started Browse FAQ Help Legible Unbound About Legible About us Careers Investors Accessibility feedback For Publishers Contact us Learn more Logo Facebook Logo Instagram Logo Twitter Logo Medium United States Change country Logo Facebook Logo Instagram Logo Twitter Logo Medium Legal Privacy Policy © Legible 2023