Privacy Policy | Njeek
سياسة الخصوصية
Your privacy is important to us. It is Njeek policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including via our app.
Personal information is any information about you which can be used to identify you. This includes information about you as a person (such as name, address and phone number), your devices, payment details, and even information about how you use an app or online service.
This policy is effective as of 4 October 2023.
Log Data
When you access our app, we may automatically log the standard data provided by your device. It may include your device's Internet Protocol (IP) address, your device type and version, your activity within the app, time and date, and other details about your usage.
Additionally, when you encounter certain errors while using the app, we automatically collect data about the error and the circumstances surrounding its occurrence. This data may include technical details about your device, what you were trying to do when the error happened, and other technical information relating to the problem. You may or may not receive notice of such errors, even in the moment they occur, that they have occurred, or what the nature of the error is.
Please be aware that while this information may not be personally identifying by itself, it may be possible to combine it with other data to personally identify individual persons.
Device Data
Our app may access and collect data via your device's in-built tools, such as:
Notifications
When you install the app or use your device's tools within the app, we request permission to access this information. The specific data we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and the permissions you grant when you install and use the app.
In order to ensure ease and comfort for the user, you can change or add products and also cancel your orders as long as the distributor does not leave the warehouse and you will be notified of this by phone notification, and your orders will also be accepted until the end of your receipt of the goods.
Personal Information
We may ask for personal information — when you contact us — which may include one or more of the following:
-Name
-Email
-Phone/mobile number
-Personal place using Google map
Legitimate Reasons for Processing Your Personal Information
We only collect and use your personal information when we have a legitimate reason for doing so. In which instance, we only collect personal information that is reasonably necessary to provide our services to you.
Security of Your Personal Information
When we collect and process personal information, and while we retain this information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.
Although we will do our best to protect the personal information you provide to us, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and no one can guarantee absolute data security.
You are responsible for selecting any password and its overall security strength, ensuring the security of your own information within the bounds of our services. For example, ensuring you do not make your personal information publicly available via our platform.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We keep your personal information only for as long as we need to. This time period may depend on what we are using your information for, in accordance with this privacy policy. For example, if you have provided us with personal information such as an email address when contacting us about a specific enquiry, we may retain this information for the duration of your enquiry remaining open as well as for our own records so we may effectively address similar enquiries in future. If your personal information is no longer required for this purpose, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you.
However, if necessary, we may retain your personal information for our compliance with a legal, accounting, or reporting obligation or for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or statistical purposes.
Payment method :
The payment method that we adhere to is upon receipt, in cash, and when you receive all your items. We are not responsible for any damage or shortage after the distributor has gone, so please ensure that all your items are safe and sound.
Children's Privacy
We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13.
Your Rights and Controlling Your Personal Information
Your choice: By providing personal information to us, you understand we will collect, hold, use, and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of our app or the products and/or services offered on or through it.
Marketing permission: If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us using the details below.
Access: You may request details of the personal information that we hold about you.
Correction: If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or out of date.
Non-discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights over your personal information. Unless your personal information is required to provide you with a particular service or offer (for example serving particular content to your device), we will not deny you goods or services and/or charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties, or provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services.
Notification of data breaches: We will comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach.
Complaints: If you believe that we have breached a relevant data protection law and wish to make a complaint, please contact us using the details below and provide us with full details of the alleged breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take to deal with your complaint. You also have the right to contact a regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to your complaint.
Limits of Our Policy
Our app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Changes to This Policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here and on our website.
If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information.
Contact Us
For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details:
Phone :0659328432
njeek2021@gmail.com
National Road 48 - Koenine - El Oued - Algeria