Mandao | Terms Agromercados El Mercadito Combos Blog Español Mi carrito Tu carrito está vacío Agromercados El Mercadito Combos Blog Español Privacy Policy Mandao Users Last Updated: August 31, 2022 Mandao may collect personal information to help you place and receive orders and to improve the Mandao service. This Privacy Statement explains how Mandao, Inc. (“Mandao,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) handles your personal information when you visit or use   www.mandao.app  (the “Site”), the Mandao mobile application, and any other website or mobile application that links to this Privacy Statement (collectively, the “Services”). Your access to and use of our Services are subject to our
Terms and Conditions , which define some of the terms used throughout this Privacy Statement. Collection of Information When you use our Services we may collect or receive information about you. Information You Provide Directly You may provide information to us when you use our Services, including when you register with Mandao, search within or place orders through our Services, contact us with inquiries, respond to surveys, or otherwise access our Services. This information may include your name, email address, phone number, delivery address, and payment information, including credit card information and billing address used to complete the purchase transaction, and other information that may identify you. When you place an order through our Services we collect information related to that order, including searches conducted through the Services, the products or services purchased, and the date and time of the purchase and delivery. You may also choose to provide ratings for your Mandadero and for the Food Service Provider or other retailer (“Merchant”) you ordered from. Information We Collect Automatically We also may receive and store certain information about you and your device(s) automatically when you access or use our Site and Services. This information may include: ●         Information related to the device you use to access our Services; ●         The type of web browser and operating system you use to access our Services; ●         Your Internet Protocol address; ●         The domain name of your Internet service provider; ●         The pages you visit, content you view, features you use and the date and time of your visits; and ●         Your search terms, the website you visited before you came to our Services, and other clickstream data. Information From Publicly Available Sources and Third Parties We may collect or receive information about you from publicly available sources and/or third parties. For example, we may receive information about you when you login to our services using Facebook or Google. Another example is if you make a purchase through a Merchant that offers delivery via Mandao, we may receive information about your purchase, including your name, phone number, the product you purchased, and the delivery location. Use of Information We may use the information we collect or receive about you for various purposes, including but not limited to the following. To Provide You the Services We use your information to provide you the Services such as to fulfill your orders. For example, we use the credit card information you provide to complete a transaction and communicate your order to a Dasher to allow the Dasher to complete your delivery. To Maintain, Improve, and Personalize the Services We use your information for our everyday business operations such as auditing, administration of the Services, forum management, fulfillment, and analytics. Your information may also be used to improve the content and/or functionality of the Services. For example, it may be used to help us and/or our Merchants improve our offerings. We also use your information to personalize your experience. For example, we may personalize the content and features you see when visiting our Services. In addition, we may personalize advertisements and recommendations to make them more tailored to your interests. To Protect You, Others, and Our Business We use your information to protect you, others, and our business, including, without limitation, using information for fraud prevention, for enforcement of our Terms of Service, to comply with the law, and to protect against security risks. To Communicate With You We use your information to communicate with you. For example, we may send you text messages or other notifications about the status of your orders and deliveries. We may also contact you with promotional offerings or other communications that may be of interest to you. In the event you contact us, we use certain information to respond to your questions and assist you with any issues that may arise in your use of the Services. If you send text messages with independent contractor Mandaderos using the telephone number for that Dasher available on the Services, we may use a third-party service provider to track these text messages. We track these text messages for fraud prevention, to ensure appropriate charging of fees, to enforce our Terms and Conditions, and for quality and training purposes. As part of this process, Mandao and its service provider will receive in real time and store data about your text message, including the date and time of the text message, your phone number, and the content of the text message. We may use your information for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect or receive the information, or otherwise with your consent. Location Information When you use the Services, we may collect general location information (such as IP address). If you permit the Services to access location services through the permission system used by your mobile operating system (“Platform”) or browser, we may also collect the precise location of your device when the Mandao app is running in the foreground or background of your device.  This information may be used to help you select your delivery address, to provide a more accurate delivery of your orders, to provide recommendations to you, and to enhance your user experience and improve the services. You can choose whether to enable the location tracking feature through the settings on your device or Platform or when prompted by the Mandao mobile app. If you choose to disable the location feature, the Dasher will not receive precise location information from your device, which may compromise the accuracy of deliveries in some situations, for instance, if you are located in a large area, such as a park. Sharing with Third Parties We may also provide your information with third parties that provide services to us such as payment processing, advertising services, web analytics, data processing, IT services, customer support and other services. To help provide you with a high quality delivery we also may share your information, including your personal information, with the Mandaderos who complete your requested deliveries. Similarly, we may share your name, phone number, order information, customer feedback and other information related to your orders with Mandao Merchants. We may also disclose aggregate or anonymized information to third parties. Related Entities
We may share your information with our affiliates (entities that control or are under the control of Mandao) for business purposes. When Required By Law We recognize that information related to your orders could contain private information. However, we may be required to disclose your information to third parties including law enforcement agencies when required to protect and defend our legal rights, protect the safety and security of users of our Services, prevent fraud, comply with the law, respond to legal process, or a request for cooperation by a government entity. We have developed a process that strikes a balance between protecting customer privacy and responding to valid law enforcement requests. Corporate Transactions In the event of sale, transfer, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction. With your Consent We also may share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction. Data Retention We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes. We will also retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Mandao may retain aggregated or anonymized data indefinitely. Third Party Sites Some of the functionality may be provided by third parties and the Services may link to other third party websites that are not controlled by Mandao. These third parties are not under our control and Mandao is not responsible for their privacy policies or practices. If you provide any personal information to any third party or through any such third party website, we recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of that third party. Social Networking You may choose to enable or log in to our Services via various online services, including social networking services like Facebook and Google. Our Services also may enable you to access social networking services such as Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram (collectively, “Social Network”) directly or indirectly through our Services. When you link a Social Network account to Mandao or log into our Services using your Social Network account, we may collect relevant information necessary to enable our Services to access that Social Network and your data contained within that Social Network. We also may share your information with the operator of that Social Network to facilitate or enhance delivery of that Social Network or other services to you. A Social Network may provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to them, and we will use, store, and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Additionally, a Social Network may collect personal information and information about your use of our Site or Services automatically. The manner in which a Social Network collects, uses, stores, and discloses your information is governed by the policies of such third parties and Mandao shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Social Network that may be enabled within our Services. You may also have the option of posting your activities on our Services and other content to a Social Network when you access content through our Services. For example, you may post to Facebook that you placed an order with Mandao. Keep in mind that your activity on a Social Network is governed by that Social Network and not by Mandao, and may be visible or accessible to the public. Your Choices If you are a registered Mandao user you may access or modify certain of your personal information by logging into our Site using your username and password and visiting the “Account” page. Registered Mandao users may also access the “Account” page to manage their subscriptions. You may also contact us at contact@mandaoweb.com to access, modify, or deactivate your account. If we send you marketing emails about services that may interest you, each email will contain instructions permitting you to “opt-out” of receiving future marketing or other communications. Children’s Information Our Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please contact us at contact@mandaoweb.com. A parent or guardian of a child under age 13 may review and request deletion of the child’s personal information. Referral Program Mandao allows users to invite friends and family to sign up for our Services. Sometimes we offer a promotional value for every friend or family member who signs up and places an order through your referral link. To help you do this, we may request and you can grant us access to your mobile device address book. You can then direct us to send referral emails, SMS messages, or other communications to contacts you select in your address book. By sending a referral, you also consent to Mandao sending your public profile image to the contacts you select to receive a referral link. By choosing to invite a friend you represent that you have received the friend’s consent to provide his or her name and email address with us. Mandao will use that information to send an email inviting him or her to visit the site and will store that information to track the success of the referral program and may send marketing emails.
Mandao users may not send, publish, or share any false, misleading, or deceptive communications in connection with participation in the Referral Program. Such actions may violate various federal, state, and/or international laws, including, but not limited to, the regulations and policies promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission. Mandao users may not send any referral emails, SMS messages, or other communications to children under the age of 13. If you are referred to Mandao through one of our referral programs, or if someone attempts to refer you, we may share your name, whether you have already signed up for Mandao, whether you are a new customer, and whether you have placed a qualifying order with Mandao with the person(s) who referred you. International Users Mandao is based in the United States and, regardless of where you use our Services, the information collected as part of that use will be transferred to and maintained on servers located in the United States. Any information we obtain about you will be stored in accordance with U.S. privacy laws, regulations, and standards, which may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using our Services, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the United States. Security Mandao has implemented administrative, technical, and physical security controls that are designed to safeguard personal information. However, no online activity is ever fully secure or error-free. Therefore, Mandao does not guarantee that your personal information is absolutely secure. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal information or other information to Mandao. You are responsible for safeguarding your username and password. Use of Cookies We use cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies (“Cookies”) to collect information and personalize your experience with our Services. Cookies are small web files that a site or its provider transfers to your device’s hard drive through your web browser that enables the site’s or provider’s system to recognize your browser and remember certain information. We use Cookies to improve your convenience, for example, to recognize you when you return to Mandao and to remember information you have already provided, such as items already in your order cart. We also use Cookies to collect information about your activities over time and across third party websites or other online services in order to deliver content and advertising tailored to your interests. You may disable the use of Cookies by modifying your browser settings. If you choose to disable cookies you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our Services. For more information on Cookies and how to disable Cookies visit   www.ftc.gov/ftc/cookies.shtm  or   https://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml . Online Analytics and Advertising
We and our third-party vendors may use automated technologies (including cookie identifiers on our website), along with other collected information, to tailor ads or deliver content when you are on our Services or on other devices, apps or websites. We (or our service providers) may use the information we collect—for instance, IP addresses and unique mobile device identifiers—to locate or try to locate the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones, tablets, or computers), or work with providers that do this, in order to better tailor content and features and provide you with a seamless experience across devices. If you wish to opt out of cross device tracking for purposes of interest-based advertising, you may do so through your device settings. We may also use cross-device targeting to help identify our users and serve advertising. This type of advertising is often called “interest-based” or “personalized” advertising—and when it occurs on mobile apps, “cross-app” advertising. You can learn more about interest-based advertising on the web, or opt out of receiving those ads, by visiting (i) the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer   Opt-Out link  or (ii) the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer   Opt-Out link  to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, you can visit the   Google Ads Settings page . As to cross-app advertising, each operating system, (iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices, and Windows for Microsoft devices) provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You should view your device or system “Settings” to determine how you can opt out of use of your device ID for “cross-app” personalized advertising. Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into our Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out. In that case, the advertising will not be tailored to your interests. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links or whether any particular company chooses to participate in these opt-out programs. Changes to This Privacy Statement Our Services may change from time to time. As a result, we reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Statement at any time and from time to time without prior notice. If we make any material changes to the way we use or disclose your personal information, we will notify you by email, at the email address you have provided to us. If you object to any changes you must cease using our Services. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically by visiting this webpage. This Privacy Statement was last updated on the date indicated at the top of this page. Your continued use of our Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Statement indicates your agreement to the terms of the revised Privacy Statement. Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices please contact us at: ayuda@mandao.app Mandao, Inc Attention: Legal Counsel 1 Alhambra Plaza, PH floor Coral Gables Miami, FL 33134 Quiénes Somos Somos un grupo de emprendedores apasionados que nos hemos unido bajo un objetivo. Creemos que el mundo no debe estar definido por fronteras; creemos en cerrar la brecha entre las comunidades porque todos somos ciudadanos del mundo y, sin importar dónde vivamos, todos deberíamos poder dar y recibir amor. A través de nuestro servicio de entrega de alimentos unimos a amigos, familias y comunidades sobrepasando los límites de las fronteras; estamos entregando remesas en forma de servicios, lo que hace más fácil cuidar de los demás incluso cuando están lejos. Sí, entregamos comida en Cuba, pero el cielo es el límite. ¿Quién sabe? Mañana podríamos servir de puente a comunidades de todo el mundo. Suscripción Suscríbete para recibir información sobre promociones y lanzamiento de nuevos productos. Suscribirse Descarga nuestra app aquí Síguenos ¿Necesitas ayuda? © Mandao
- Todos los derechos reservados - 2023
1 Alhambra Plaza, PH floor
Coral Gables
FL, 33134