Home Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Phone Number Lookup Phone Number Lookup- Privacy Policy  Phone Number Lookup app is a Free app. This application provide services  at no cast and is free for use. This information is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone alllows then  use these Services. If you choose to use these services, then you are agree to use the information in relation to our policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the services to users. We  shall not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used for this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Phone Number Lookup. Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our services, we may require to provide us with some  identifiable information related to you. The information that we request will be retained on your device. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app Google Play Services AdMob Firebase Analytics Log Data We
want to inform you that whenever you use  our product, and  an error in the application we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Cookies Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the product. Service Providers We
may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We  want to inform users of this  product that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security We
value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are trying hard to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee forabsolute security. Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be goes to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, We strongly request you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We  have no control and no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not collect  any personally information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we  shall be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy We
may modify our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are requested to review page periodically for any changes. We will notify you for any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse