Privacy Policy - Sched
Start Free Now
Create New Event
See Sched in action
Watch Demo
Find an Event
Login
My Events
Log Out
Solutions
By Industry
Educators
Enable educators, staff, and students to get the most out of events.
By Event Type
Conferences
Easily build, schedule and manage your conference.
Conventions
Give attendees, speakers & sponsors an interactive convention experience.
Festivals
Centralize ticketing, registration & festival scheduling.
By Venue
In-Person
Bring people together effortlessly under one roof.
Virtual & Hybrid
Deliver seamless and engaging online experiences.
By Role
Attendees
Quickly add and invite your attendees.
Speakers
Empower your speakers to take control of their sessions.
Sponsors
Display your sponsors along with their logo and website.
Product
Features
Scheduling
Event Registration
Event App
Reporting & Analytics
Discover Sched's intuitive features
See how easy event management and session scheduling are in our weekly demo. Receive a live walkthrough of our features and get your questions answered.
Watch Demo Video
Pricing
Resources
Support Guides
Support Center
Resources Library
Webinars
Guides
Product Updates
News
Blog
Success Stories
Latest Articles
How to keep attendees on top of your event schedule
9 common problems with event networking apps
Avoid chaos: the consequences of poor event communication systems
See all
Contact
My Account
Subscription
Billing Details
Event participants
Choose your role
Attendee
Speaker
Event Planner
Start Free Now
Log In
Find an Event
Create New Event
My Events
Log Out
Start Free Now
Create New Event
Terms of Service
/ Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 28, 2021
Sched LLC (“Sched”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) takes the privacy and security of your personal data seriously. This Privacy Policy describes how we protect and use the personal data we collect about you through our website and in connection with the services we offer.
Please contact  support@sched.com  with any requests, questions, or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy.
To learn more about Sched’s Legal Terms, take a look  here .
1. Who We Are.
1.1 Sched.
Welcome to Sched! We are a scheduling and registration platform dedicated to bringing the world together through live and virtual experiences. Through our platform, mobile apps and services, we enable people all over the world to create, discover, share and register for events.
Sched’s products, features and offerings are available (a) online through Sched.com and the Sched mobile app (the “Site(s)”); (b) through sponsorship and marketing or distribution services; and (c) through mobile applications, webpages, and mobile app interfaces (“Applications,”). These are  collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Sched Properties” or our “Services”).
1.2 Others.
Throughout this Privacy Policy, when we use the term “Organizer” we mean event creators using the Services to create events for consumers using our Services (a) to consume information about or attend events (“Consumers”), or (b) for any other reason. Organizers, Consumers, and third parties using our Services are all referred to in these Terms collectively as “Users”, “you” or “your”.
Sched is owned and operated by SCHED LLC, which is a Florida limited liability company (“us”, “we”, “Sched” or “our”).  If you are resident in the EEA or Switzerland, Sched, LLC is the responsible party with respect to Personal Data (defined below) collected through the Services.
If you have any questions or concerns at any time, please do not hesitate to contact us at
support@sched.com
or at the address below.
2. Our Privacy Statement.
2.1 Application.
This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information that can be associated with or which relates to a person and/or could be used to identify a person (“Personal Data”) that is collected from Users on or through the Services. We take the privacy of your Personal Data seriously. Because of that, we have created this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy as it includes important information regarding your Personal Data and other information.
“Non-Personal Data” as used in this Privacy Policy is anonymized or de-identified information that does not relate to a person and/or cannot be used to identify a person.
3. Personal Data That We Collect.
When you use or interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Data. Sometimes this will be on our own behalf and other times this will be on behalf of an Organizer using our Services to run an event. This is an important distinction for purposes of certain data protection laws and is explained in more detail below.
3.1 Information Collected From All Users.
Information you provide to us: For all Users we collect Personal Data when you voluntarily provide such information to the Services, such as when you register for access to the Services, contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys or browse and use certain parts of the Services. The Personal Data we may collect includes without limitation your name, address, email address and any other information that you choose to provide and/or that enables Users to be personally identified.
Information we automatically collect: We also automatically collect certain technical data that is sent to us from the computer, mobile device and/or browser through which you access the Services (“Automatic Data”). Automatic Data, includes without limitation, a unique identifier associated with the device you use and/or browser (including, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address) characteristics about your access device and/or browser, statistics on your activities on the Services, information about how you came to the Services and data collected through Cookies, Pixel Tags, Local Shared Objects, Web Storage and other similar technologies. You can find out more information about how we use Cookies and other similar tracking technologies in our Cookie Policy.
When you register for the Services or otherwise submit Personal Data to us, we may associate other Non-Personal Data (including Non-Personal Data we collect from third parties) with your Personal Data. At such instance, we will treat any such combined data as your Personal Data until such time as it can no longer be associated with you or used to identify you.
3.2 Information Collected From Organizers.
If you are an Organizer we will collect additional Personal Data from you.
Information you provide to us: In some cases, we may collect your credit card information (e.g., your credit card number and expiration date, billing address, etc.), which may constitute Personal Data, to secure certain payments. In addition, if you use our payment processing services, we will collect financial information from you (e.g., your bank account information or an address) as necessary to facilitate payments and information required for tax purposes (e.g., your taxpayer identification number).
Information we obtain from other sources: We may also collect or receive Personal Data including your name, email address and other contact information from third party sources, such as third party websites and marketing partners. We may also collect or receive Personal Data from third party sources, such as Organizers, other Consumers, social media or other third party integrations.
3.3 Information Collected From Consumers.
If you are a Consumer we will collect additional Personal Data from you, sometimes for our own purposes and other times on behalf of an Organizer (see below for more information).
Information you provide via Sched Properties or Applications: If you create an event, you will provide financial information (e.g., your credit card number and expiration date, billing address, etc.) some of which may constitute Personal Data. In addition, Organizers can set up event registration pages to collect virtually any information from Consumers in connection with registration for an Organizer’s event listed on the Services. Sched does not control an Organizer’s registration process nor the Personal Data that they collect. When you register for, or otherwise provide information to Sched in conjunction with an Organizer event or activity, whether that information is yours or a third party’s, in connection with a purchase, registration, or transfer, that Organizer will receive and may use the information you provide. Please see the Section below titled “How We Disclose and Transfer Your Personal Data: Organizers” for more information about an Organizer’s receipt and use of your Personal Data.
4. How We Use Your Personal Data.
We collect and use the Personal Data we collect in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy, and applicable privacy laws. We may use the Personal Data as follows:
4.1 Specific Reason –
Customer Service and Communications.
We may use your information in connection with the purpose for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem and will respond to the email address from which the contact came.
4.2
Use of and Access to the Services.
We will use your data to provide you with access to or use of the Services or functionality and to analyze your use of such Services or functionality. For instance, if you supply data relating to your identity or qualifications to use certain portions of the Services, we will use that information to make a decision as to granting you access to use such Services and to assess your ongoing qualification to use such Services.
4.3 Internal Business Purposes and Operations.
We may use your personal data for internal business purposes, including without limitation, to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services, to better understand our customers and users of the Service, to improve the Services, to protect against, identify or address wrongdoing, to enforce our Terms of Service, to manage your account and provide you with customer service, and to generally manage the Services and our business.
4.4 Sched Marketing.
We may use your Personal Data for our marketing and advertising purposes, including (without limitation) by email, SMS marketing, display media, and targeting other devices (such as tablets, mobile devices and televisions). We do this in order to inform you about services or events we believe might be of interest to you, develop promotional or marketing materials and display Sched or event-related content and advertising on or off the Services that we believe might be of interest to you. We may also do this on behalf of an Organizer, for example where your prior interactions with an Organizer suggest you may be interested in a particular type of event. See the Section below titled “Opt Out from Electronic Communications” on how to opt-out of various Sched marketing communications.
You may see advertisements for our Services (or our Organizer’s events) on third party websites, including on social media platforms. Where you see an advertisement on a third-party website or social media platform, this may be because we engaged the third party or social media platform to show this advertisement to our Users, or to others who have similar attributes to our Users. In some cases, this involves sharing your email address or other contact details with the third party or social media platform so that they can identify you as one of our Users, or identify other individuals with similar attributes to you in order to show them advertisements for our Services (or for our Organizer’s events). If you no longer want your Personal Data to be used for these purposes, please contact us at
support@sched.com . For more information about how we market on, and interact with social media sites, please refer to Section 5.5 of this Privacy Policy below.
4.5 Event Organizers.
We allow event Organizers to use our email tools to contact you regarding your current and past events, so you may receive emails from our system that originate with event Organizers and that we send on their behalf. If you registered for an event on the Services, your email address is available to that event Organizer. However, Organizers may also import the email addresses they have from external sources and send communications through the Services to those email addresses, and we will deliver those communications to those email addresses on the Organizer’s behalf. The Organizer and not Sched is responsible for sending these emails. You can opt out of these here  https://sched.com/unsubscribe .
If we intend to use any personal data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time the personal data is collected.
4.6 Use of Interest-Based Data
We sometimes make inferences about the type of events or activities you may be interested in. We may use these inferences to help target advertising or customize recommendations to you, including on behalf of Organizers. We may do this on an aggregated or generalized basis. For instance, we may determine that our users who attend many comedy events also often attend or show interest in endurance-related events or content. We may direct (or assist in directing) content or recommendations related to both comedy and endurance to those Users.
4.7 Other Purposes.
If we intend to use any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time the Personal Data is collected or we will obtain your consent subsequent to such collection but prior to such use.
4.8 Aggregated Personal Data.
In an ongoing effort to understand and serve our Users better, we often conduct research on our customer demographics, interests and behavior based on Personal Data and other information that we have collected. This research is typically conducted on an aggregate basis only that does not identify you, like event metrics such as how many people attended and the number that used our app. Once Personal Data is in an aggregated form, for purposes of this Privacy Policy, it becomes Non-Personal Data.
5. How We Disclose and Transfer Your Personal Data.
5.1 Background.
We are not in the business of selling your Personal Data. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. Therefore, we will not sell your Personal Data to third parties, including third party advertisers. There are certain circumstances in which we may disclose, transfer or share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
5.2 Business Transfers.
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. We may also disclose your Personal Data in the course of due diligence for such an event. You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquirer of Sched (or its assets) will continue to have the right to use your Personal Data and other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
5.3 Third-parties and Service Providers.
We may share your personal data with third parties to help us provide the Services and for our internal operations. We may also disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the law; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of our Services or our users; or (d) protect our property rights.
We do not sell, license, lease or otherwise disclose your information except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We share your personal data with the following third parties:
Amazon Web Services & LeaseWeb : For hosting and serving files using their content delivery network.
Cloudflare : For hosting and serving files using their content delivery network.
Eventbrite : For integrating
Eventbrite
events into Sched, including attendee data and registration info.
Google LLC (Google G-Suite)/ Zoom :  For team calendars, email, document hosting, conference calls and other business tools to enable communication and collaboration internally.
New Relic : For tracking server statistics like loading and response times. This helps us improve our application.
Recurly / Bank of America / TSYS / Earth Class Mail : For payment processing and billing. We use Recurly to securely store billing information and charge for both one-time services and recurring charges.  Bank of America, TSYS and Earth Class Mail to securely process payments.
The Rocket Science Group, LLC dba MailChimp (Mandrill):  For email. We use Mandrill (owned by MailChimp) to power all of the emails that Sched sends out on behalf of our company and the event Organizers that use Sched. They help ensure that Organizers are sending email to people that want it, and not spamming them.
Active Campaign :  We use Active Campaign for email marketing.
Calendly : For scheduling support and sales calls with potential and current customers.
Intercom & Front : For support. We use Intercom to power the chat widgets throughout the application and customer support/contact forms on the website. Attendees and Organizers can use these to email or live-chat with our support team. We send additional data into Intercom, like which plan you have, to help us prioritize messages and improve our application.
Click Funnels:
For email marketing, landing pages and set up email messages and sequences to reconnect with our audience.
Pipedrive : For tracking potential customers and their decision making when interacting with our sales team.
Slack : For tracking potential customers and their decision making when interacting with our sales team.
Basecamp : For tracking potential customers and their decision making when interacting with our sales team.
Google LLC (Google Analytics):  For tracking analytics and usage. This helps us learn from trends.
Visual Website Optimizer : For A/B testing. We use VWO (Visual Website Optimizer) to improve the effectiveness of our site and application. For example, perhaps removing a field from the signup form will help more people create new event sites.
Mouseflow : For tracking how users interact with a page. This helps us improve the user experience and fix bugs.
Google LLC (Firebase) : For tracking analytics and usage of mobile apps. This helps us learn from trends and fix errors.
Sendbird, Inc : For direct and group messaging between users.
5.4 Organizers.
In addition, when you register for an event, sign up for communications, enter a contest, or otherwise input your Personal Data (such as through a web form) to communicate with an Organizer or participate in an Organizer event, that Organizer will receive that information. For instance, if you input your name and email address into a web form for an Organizer offer, activity or event, the Organizer will receive that information. The Organizer may then send you marketing or other communications, which may be subject to its own, separate privacy policy. Likewise, if you provide your mobile phone number, you may receive information messages related to the service, event, activity or information in which you’ve expressed interest.
When you register for an event, transfer an event registration to another person, enter a contest, or otherwise input your Personal Data (such as through a web form), or otherwise communicate with an Organizer, or participate in or express interest in an Organizer or Organizer event or activity, that Organizer will receive the information you provide, including your Personal Data, and where a registration is transferred, the Personal Data of the transferee as well. Other third parties that are involved in or on whose behalf an event or activity is promoted, may receive that Personal Data as well.
For example, as to events with Sponsors, we may provide your Personal Data both to the Organizer of the event page and the Sponsor of the event to which the event page is linked. In some instances, an Organizer may appoint a third party, which may or may not be affiliated with the Organizer, to create an event or sponsored page on its behalf (we call these third parties (“Third Party Organizers”). For example, and without limitation, a concert venue (the Organizer, in this case) may allow third party promoters or production companies (the Third Party Organizers) to create events that will be hosted at the Organizer’s venue using its Sched account. In that case, we may provide your Personal Data to the Third Party Organizers on behalf of the Organizers. The same is true for contests and sweepstakes: we may provide your Personal Data to both the Organizer promoting the contest or sweepstakes, and any legal sponsor of the contest or sweepstakes (such as a brand sponsor).
We are not responsible for the actions of these Organizers, or their Third Party Organizers (or other downstream recipients of your Personal Data), with respect to your Personal Data. It is important that you review the applicable policies of the Organizers, and if applicable and available, their appointed Third Party Organizers, of an event (and the related fundraising page, if applicable) before providing Personal Data or other information in connection with that event or related fundraising page.
Similarly, if you are a member of an Organizer’s organization within Sched, your Personal Data will be available to the Organizer and shared with those Third Party Organizers granted permission by the Organizer to view all members of the Organizer’s organization.
5.5 Facebook, Social Media and Other Third Party Connections.
Facebook:  For account creation and social networking. Facebook Connect lets attendees easily create a new account and import their photo and company information. We also use this connection to show them friends that are attending the same event.
Twitter:  For social networking. Twitter Connect lets attendees pull in their profile info (location, site, photo) and save time filling out yet another social profile. We also pull their contacts and show them friends that are attending the same event.
LinkedIn:  For social networking. LinkedIn Connect lets attendees pull in their profile info (location, site, photo) and save time filling out yet another social profile. We also pull their contacts and show them friends that are attending the same event.
Foursquare:  For social networking. Foursquare Connect lets attendees pull their contacts and show them friends that are attending the same event.
5.6 Connecting Your Sched Account to Social Media Services.
You can connect your Sched account to your accounts on third party services like LinkedIn, in which case we may collect, use, disclose, transfer and store/retain information relating to your account with such third party services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For example, if you connect with LinkedIn, we store your LinkedIn id, first name, last name, email, location, connections list and profile picture and use them to connect with your LinkedIn account to provide certain functionality on the Services, like recommending events that your LinkedIn connections are interested in and sharing the events you are interested in, or attending, with certain groups of people like your LinkedIn connections.b. “Liking” or “Following” Sched on Social Media. In addition, when you “like” or “follow” us on Facebook, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Twitter or other social media sites (to the extent we provide that capability), we may collect some information from you including your name, email address, and any comments or content you post relevant to us. We likewise may collect your information if you sign up for one of our promotions or submit information to us through social media sites.
c. Facebook Plug-Ins and Links on Our Pages. Sched’s own website contains links to Facebook as well, such as through the Facebook “Like” or “Share” button or other social plug-ins. When you interact with these features and links, your browser will establish a direct link with the Facebook servers, and Facebook will receive information about your browser and activity and may link it to your Facebook user account. For more information about how Facebook uses data, please see Facebook’s own policies.
d. Additional Facebook Marketing and Connectivity. In addition, if you are a member of Facebook (or another social media platform), and you provide Personal Data to Sched or an Organizer, Sched or the Organizer may use that Personal Data to send you advertising and offers through Facebook (or another social media) platform, including when you are on Facebook or another social media platform. In this instance we work with third parties and marketing providers to enable this data integration and advertising. Facebook and other social media platforms may provide a way to opt out of this type of advertising. Please review their user settings and support pages to learn more about how they help you to manage privacy and marketing choices.
e. Third party services and integrations. Sched may provide you with opportunities to contract directly with third parties, and/or to integrate with third party services or applications, through our platform. In such instances, we may disclose your Personal Data to other entities in order to fulfill a request by you, or to provide services you have requested. Any information you provide to, or that is collected by, third-party sites may be subject to the privacy policies of those sites, if any.
6. Legal Requirements.
We may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law. For instance, if we receive and need to respond to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, a court or a government agency or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to  (a) comply with the law; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent or investigate wrongdoing, fraud, or abuse of our Services or our users; or (d) protect our property rights or that of third parties, or (e) protect against legal liability.
7. How We Store Your Personal Data.
We strive to keep your information secure and use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that we do so. We have made significant investments in protecting and safeguarding your information. We continuously upgrade and enhance our security measures as new tools, techniques and technology become available. However, we cannot and do not promise, represent, warrant or guaranty that your information or any information about you will not be accessed by third parties or misused by them in spite of our security efforts.
8. How You Can Access, Update, Correct or Delete Your Personal
Data.
You can access, update or delete your Personal Data stored by us. If you are a registered User, you can access your information by logging in and visiting “My Account”. From here you may view and update your Personal Data or if you would like a machine-readable copy of your data, click the “Request Your Data” link at the bottom of the page. There is also a link at the bottom of the page for you to request to delete your Personal Data. You can also edit some of your Personal Data directly through your account. You may also ask us to correct and update any inaccurate Personal Data using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
If you initiate a data deletion request, Sched is authorized to delete or anonymize your Personal Data from the Services even if that means removing its availability to the Organizer through the Services. However, please be aware that even if Sched deletes or anonymizes your Personal Data upon your request or pursuant to this Policy, your Personal Data may still be available in the Organizer’s own databases if transmitted to the Organizer prior to Sched receiving or taking action on any deletion or anonymization activity and you should contact the Organizer to request they delete your information as well.  We provide a link to Contact Organizer at the bottom of the “My Account” page for convenience.
8.1 How Long We Retain Your Personal Data.
We retain your data and information that you provide (or that is provided about you) in connection with our Services for as long as we need it to provide you the Services.
You may delete your account by following
these instructions
to delete your own account or email
support@sched.com
with the request. However, we may retain Personal Data for an additional period as is permitted or required under applicable laws. Even if we delete your Personal Data it may persist on backup or archival media for an additional period for legal, tax or regulatory reasons or for legitimate and lawful business purposes.
9. Cookies, Pixels Tags, Local Shared Objects, Web Storage And Similar Technologies. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of our Services, and their preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our Services. If you disable cookies certain features of our Services may not function properly.
Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information about our use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
10. Your Choices.
You have several choices available when it comes to your Personal Data:
10.1 Opt Out from Electronic Communications.
(a) Sched Marketing Communications.
Sched may send you electronic communications marketing or advertising the Services themselves or events on the Services, to the extent you have registered for the Services or registered for an event listed on the Services. You can “opt out” of receiving these electronic communications by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any such electronic communication.
(b) Organizer-initiated Communications.
Organizers may use our email tools to send electronic communications to those on their email subscription lists, including Consumers who have registered for their events on the Services in the past. Although these electronic communications are sent through our system, Sched does not determine the content or the recipients of these electronic communications. Organizers are required to use our email tools only in accordance with all applicable laws. Sched provides an “Unsubscribe” link on each of these emails, which allows recipients to “opt out” of electronic communications from the particular Organizer.  You can also log in to your Account and update and change your preferences in your profile to determine the level of information you want to receive from Organizers.
(c) Social Notifications.
Please review their user settings and support pages to learn more about how they help you to manage privacy and marketing choices.
(d) Transactional or Responsive Communications.
Certain electronic communications from Sched are responsive to your requests. For instance, if you are a Consumer, we must email you your registration on behalf of the Organizer when you register for an event. As a further example, if you email our customer support department, we will return your email. Notwithstanding any unsubscribe election that you have made, you will still receive these transactional or responsive emails.
10.3 Do Not Track.
We currently do not participate in any “Do Not Track” frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your Personal Data
11. Exclusions.
11.1 Personal Data Provided to Others.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data that you provide to another User or visitor through the Services or through any other means, including to Organizers on event pages or information posted by you to any public areas of the Services.
11.2 Third Party Links.
This Privacy Policy only applies to information we receive. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Sched does not own or control, or employees that Sched does not manage. Our Services furnish links to third party websites. Any information you provide to, or that is collected by, third-party sites may be subject to the privacy policies of those sites, if any. You should read the privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit.
12. Children – Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Our Websites and Apps are not created for children or designed to solicit information from individuals under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected or stored personal information from an individual under age 13, we will remove his or her personal information from our files. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we may have inadvertently collected personal information from your child, please notify us immediately by sending an email to
support@sched.com .
13. International Transfers & Privacy Shield.
Because Sched and its servers are located in the United States, we necessarily transfer any data that is collected from outside the United States to the United States for processing and storage.
Sched complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Sched has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our
certification page ,please visit
privacyshield.gov
The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Sched’s compliance with the Privacy Shield Frameworks. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including in order to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Sched’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, Sched remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Sched proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Sched commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Sched by email at
support@sched.com
or via postal mail at:
Sched LLC Privacy Officer
8605 Santa Monica Blvd #69687
Los Angeles, CA 90069
Sched has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit  https://bbbprograms.org/privacy-shield-complaints/  for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1
here .
14. EEA, SWITZERLAND AND UK ONLY
If you live in the EU, European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom (“UK”) you have certain rights regarding your personal data, including:
You may request access to your personal data and obtain information about our processing of your personal data, with whom we share your personal data, and your rights.
You may request that we restrict our processing of your personal data.
You may object to our processing of your personal data.
Where we process personal data based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent.
You may correct personal data that is inaccurate and have incomplete personal data completed.
You may request that we delete your account and personal data or return or provide a copy of your personal data to you. However, we may retain certain information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements, and there may be some delay in deleting certain data from our servers and back-up storage.
To submit a question or concern about your rights, please email
support@sched.com .
Exporting Your Data
To request an export of your personal data, please email
support@sched.com
with the subject line “GDPR Export” or if you have an account, log into and go to “My Account” and click the “Request Your Data” link at the bottom of the page.
Deleting Your Data
Follow
these instructions
to delete your own account or email
support@sched.com
with the request or if you have an account, you may log in and go to “My Account” and click the “Delete your Account” link.
If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable law. In some cases our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will inform you of specific details in response to your request. If you live in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, and you are unsatisfied with our response, you have the right to lodge a complaint regarding your personal data with an applicable supervisory authority.
15. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY.
If you are a California resident, we provide additional information about our information practices and you may have certain rights with respect to your information. For more information, please see the CA Supplemental Privacy Notice below.
16. NEVADA RESIDENTS ONLY.
Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Personally identifiable information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.
We do not engage in such activity; however, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased or leased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing
support@sched.com . Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change.
17. Changes To This Privacy Policy.
If we modify this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated version on our website. It is your responsibility to periodically review this Privacy Policy, and you are bound by any changes to it by using our Services or websites after such changes have been posted.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or your rights, please email
support@sched.com
or contact us at Sched LLC, 8605 Santa Monica Blvd #69687, Los Angeles, CA 90069-4109.
Supplemental Privacy Notice (California Residents)
This Supplemental Privacy Notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy and applies solely to California residents. It applies to Personal Data we collect as a business; it does not apply to Personal Data we collect or otherwise process as a service provider.
Sched as a “Business” and a “Service Provider”
California law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “businesses”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “service providers”). Depending on the circumstances, Sched may act as either a business or service provider with respect to your Personal Data. If you have a question or a complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, these should always be directed to the relevant business since they are the ones with primary responsibility for your Personal Data.
For example, if you create an account with us to organize your events, Sched will be a business with respect to the Personal Data that you provide as part of your account and setting up your event. We will also be a business as to the Personal Data that we have obtained about the use of the Applications or Sched Properties, which could relate to Organizers or Consumers. We use this to conduct research and analysis to help better understand and serve Users of the Services as well as to improve our platform and provide you with more relevant recommendations about events we think may be of interest to you.
However, if you register for an event as a Consumer, we will process your Personal Data to help administer that event on behalf of the Organizer (for example, sending confirmation, promotional and feedback emails, etc.) and to help the Organizer target, and understand the success of their event and event planning (for example, providing event reports, using analytics to gain insights into the effectiveness of various marketing campaigns). In these circumstances, Sched merely provides the tools for Organizers; Sched does not decide what Personal Data to request on registration forms, nor is it responsible for the continued accuracy of any Personal Data provided. Any questions that you may have relating to your Personal Data and your rights under California law should therefore be directed to the Organizer.
Summary of Information We Collect
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)).
Throughout our Privacy Policy, we describe the specific pieces of personal information we collect, the sources of that information, and how we share it. Under the CCPA, we also have to provide you with the “categories” of personal information we collect and disclose for “business purposes” (as those terms are defined by applicable law). Those categories are:
identifiers (such as name, address, and email address);
commercial information (such as transaction data);
financial data (such as credit card and other financial account information);
internet or other network or device activity (such as IP address);
geolocation information (general location);
inference data about you;
physical characteristics or description (such as when you voluntarily submit a photo); and
other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We collect the above categories of personal information from the following sources:
directly from you;
through your use of the Services;
agents/service providers;
affiliates;
third parties such as social networks, and marketing partners,
organizers; and
We or our service providers may collect the above categories of information for the following business or commercial purposes:
Our or our service provider’s operational purposes;
Auditing consumer interactions on our site (e.g., measuring ad impressions);
Detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents and fraudulent or illegal activity;
Bug detection and error reporting;
Customizing content that we or our service providers display on the Services (e.g., contextual ads);
Providing the Services (e.g., account servicing and maintenance, order processing and fulfillment,
customer service, advertising and marketing, analytics, and communication about the Services);
Improving our existing Services and developing new services (e.g., by conducting research to develop new products or features);
Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, such as third party advertising and
communicating with you about relevant offers from third party partners;
Other uses about which we notify you.We may also use the above categories of Personal Data for compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and we may combine the information we collect (“aggregate”) or remove pieces of information (“de-identify”) to limit or prevent identification of any particular user or device.We describe our information sharing practices in our Privacy Policy. We may share certain categories of personal information with third parties for business purposes. We may also share identifiers, commercial information, and general location with organizers. If you connect your Sched account with social media services, interact with social media plugins or links on the Services, or contract or integrate with third parties, we may share identifiers, commercial information, internet or other network or device activity, or general location with those social media services and third parties.
Rights
If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights. California law may permit you to request that we:
Provide you the categories of Personal Data we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared Personal Data.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.
Delete certain information we have about you.
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any). You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.
You can download a copy of your personal information by emailing us at
support@sched.com
or
follow these instructions  to delete your own account. You may also log in and go to “My Account” and click the “Delete your Account” or “Request Your Data” links.
You will be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your request. To do so, you will need to log in or provide us with certain account information, such as the full name and email address you used to create your account and your most recent event. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization for the agent to act on your behalf. You will still need to verify your identity directly with us.
The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” Personal Data. Based on the definition of “sell” under the CCPA and under current regulatory guidance, we do not believe we engage in such activity. We do share certain information as set forth in the Privacy Policy and allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in our Cookie Policy. For more information on how you can control or opt out of these cookies, please see the Cookie Policy.
California Shine the Light
We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Last updated on August 24, 2021
Have questions? Contact us at
support@sched.com .
Unlock your planning potential
Level up your events with the latest planning hacks and special offers delivered straight to your inbox.
Subscribe
Solutions
Schools
Festivals
Conferences
Conventions
Platform
Scheduling
Event Registration
Event App
Reporting & Analytics
About
About us
Careers
Contact us
Resources
Guides
Webinars
Blog
Latest articles
How to keep attendees on top of your event schedule
9 common problems with event networking apps
Avoid chaos: the consequences of poor event communication systems
9+ Unconventional ways to use planning software: Ongoing events & more!
© 2023. SCHED LLC All rights reserved. - Helping Events Since 2008.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy