Map Your Show MYS Privacy Policy
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
Accept
CUSTOMER LOGIN
Solutions
Solutions
MAPPING
Floor Builder
SHOW PRO
My Show Planner
Exhibitor Resource Center
SALES PRO
Booth Sales
ADD ONS
Mobile App
Conference Management
Registration Integration
Session Seat Reservations
Services
Service
EXHIBITOR ENGAGEMENT
Exhibitor Training
On Site Booth Renewal
Enhanced Listing Services
CUSTOMER SUCCESS
High Touch Support
Onboarding and Training
INTEGRATIONS
Registration Software
CRM Software
Payment Processors
Association Management Software
Resources
Articles
Videos
FAQs
Who We Serve
Trade Shows
Conferences
Corporate Events
Partners
Get a Demo
Get a Demo
More results
Solutions
Floor Builder
Show Pro
My Show Planner
Exhibitor Resource Center
Sales Pro
Booth Sales
Add Ons
Mobile App
Conference Management
Registration Integration
Session Seat Reservation
Services
Exhibitor Engagement
Exhibitor Training
On Site Booth Renewal
Enhanced Listing Services
Customer Success
High Touch Support
Onboarding & Training
Integrations
Registration Software
CRM Software
Payment Processors
Association Management Software
Resources
Articles
Videos
FAQs
Who We Serve
Trade Shows
Conferences
Corporate Events
Partners
Customer Login
Get A Demo
Map Your Show Privacy Policy
Last Modified:   August 4, 2020
I.   Introduction
Map Your Show LLC (“ MYS ”, “ us ” or “ we ”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy (the “ Policy ”).
This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website   https://www.mapyourshow.com/   (our “ Website ”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This Policy applies to information we collect:
On our Website where this Policy is posted.
In email, text, chats, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by MYS or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
Any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
This Policy is incorporated by reference into our Terms of Use to which you agreed upon entering the Website, registering with us, requesting a quote, or signing up for our services. Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Policy.   If you do not agree with this Policy, your choice is not to use our Website . This Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Policy periodically for updates.
This Policy explains:
Children Under the Age of 16
Information We Collect About You
How We Collect Information
Cookies and Automatic Data Collection Technologies
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
How We Use Your Information
Disclosure of Your Information
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
Your California Privacy Rights
Data Security
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Contact and Opt-Out Information
Sole Statement
II.   Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at:
Map Your Show LLC 6915 Valley Ave., Cincinnati, OH 45244-3029 Phone: 1-888-527-8822 Fax: 513-527-8801 info@mapyourshow.com
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see   Your California Privacy Rights   for more information.
III.   Information We Collect About You
We may collect, use, store and transfer several types of information from and about users of our Website which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Information   includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier.
Contact Information   includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Information .
Transaction Information   includes details about payments from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Information   includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website.
Profile Information   includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, and preferences.
Usage Information   includes information about how you use our Website.
Marketing and Communications Information   includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Information by which you may be personally identified and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline is considered “ Personal Information .”
We also collect, use and share “ Aggregated Information ” such as statistical or demographic information for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data willÂ notÂ directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage information to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific feature of the Website. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Information with your personal information so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal information which will be used in accordance with this Policy.
We do not collect any   Special Categories of Personal Information   about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
IV.   How We Collect Information
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct Interactions . The information we collect on or through our Website may include information directly provided to us by you, including:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our services, or requesting a quote or further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Third parties or publicly available sources . We may receive information about you from third parties including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, data brokers or aggregators
Automated technologies or interactions . As you interact with our Website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns as specified above. We collect this information by using cookies and other similar technologies.
V.   Cookies and Automatic Data Collection Technologies
Our Website uses cookies (small files placed on your device) or other automatic data collection technologies to distinguish you from other Website users. This helps us deliver a better and more personalized service when you browse our Website. It also allows us to improve our Website by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store your preferences so we may customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (“ behavioral tracking ”).
Certain internet browsers may offer you the option of providing notice to websites that you do not wish for your online activities to be tracked for preference-based advertising purposes (“ DNT Notice ”). Some browsers are, by default, set to provide a DNT Notice, whether that reflects your preference. Please note that with respect to our Website, we do not take any action based on browser based DNT Notices.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, certain parts of our Website may become inaccessible and certain features may not work correctly. Unless you adjust your browser settings to refuse cookies, our system will issue them.
Certain features of our Website may use Flash cookies (local stored objects) instead of browser cookies to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies and browser cookies use different management tools and you must manage their settings separately.
Our Website pages and e-mails may contain web beacons (small transparent embedded images or objects, also known as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count website page visitors or email readers, or to compile other similar statistics such as recording website content popularity or verifying system and server integrity.
VI.   How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
VII.   Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To business partners, contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who obligated to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of MYS's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by MYS about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out to these disclosures.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of MYS, our customers, or others.
We may disclose, without restriction, aggregate information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual and non-personal information.
VIII.   Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Promotional Offers from the Company.   If you do not want us to use your contact information to promote our own products and services, or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email with your request to   info@mapyourshow.com . You may also opt-out of further marketing communications by replying to any promotional email we have sent you or following the opt-out links on that message.
IX.   Accessing and Correcting Your Information
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way you can opt-out of receiving personalized ads from advertisers and ad networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or who follow the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising using their respective opt-out tools. The NAI's opt-out tool can be found   here   and the DAA's opt out tool can be found   here .
You can review and change your personal information by sending us an email at   info@mapyourshow.com   to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
X.   Your California Privacy Rights
California residents may also have additional personal information rights and choices. California “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at   info@mapyourshow.com .
XI.   Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
XII.   Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Policy on this page. The date the Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Policy to check for any changes.
XIII.   Contact and Opt-Out Information
If you have questions or comments about our Policy, you can contact us at:
Map Your Show LLC 6915 Valley Ave., Cincinnati, OH 45244-3029 Phone: 1-888-527-8822 Fax: 513-527-8801 info@mapyourshow.com
XIV.   Sole Statement
This Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our Policy with respect to this Website, and no summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website.
About the company
Map Your Show is your trade show operating system. Our technology is trusted by the world's leading trade show and event organizers so they can focus on what matters most: delivering a successful event.
Read our Twitter feed
Join us on Linkedin
Solutions
Floor Builder
Attendee Planner
Mobile App
Booth Sales
Conference Management
Services
Enhanced Listings
On-site Booth Renewal
Onboarding & Training
Integrations
Resources
Articles
Videos
FAQs
Careers
Leadership Team
Copyright © 2023 Map Your Show, Inc.
Terms
Privacy