Privacy policy
About us Resources Features Download the Fizz app Home / Policies Privacy policy Feb 2, 2022 This Privacy Policy outlines how ShoulderTap Technologies Inc. doing business as Fizz (“ Fizz ”, “ we ”, “ our’
or “ us ”) collects, uses stores, and protects the privacy of personal information of any individual who visits our web site or opens an account with Fizz. YOU ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY BY USING OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ON OUR WEBSITE OR THROUGH ANY OTHER MEANS. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. We will attempt to give a reasonable notice period upon making any changes; however, unless otherwise stated, the revised version will be effective at the time we post it.
www.joinfizz.com
may contain links to other Web sites. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on our website,
www.joinfizz.com
(“ Website ”), through our mobile application, and through any related interactions with us (collectively, our “ Services ”). Your access to and use of the Services is subject to Fizz’s
Terms of Use
and other terms that may be made available to you in connection with your use of the Services. In addition to this Privacy Policy, individuals residing in the United States may also refer to the Fizz U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice, which provides additional details about our collection, use, and sharing of your personal information in connection with the financial services that we provide to individuals, and associated rights you may have under federal law. 1. Information We Collect  We collect different types of information about you depending on how you interact with us and how you use our Services. This information may include personal information, which we collect in order to offer you our Services and for the additional reasons explained in this Privacy Policy. When we mention “ personal information ,” we mean information that identifies, relates to, or describes you, directly or indirectly. As further described below, we may collect information that you provide to us and information that we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and we may additionally obtain information about you from third parties. In order to provide our Services, we partner with or otherwise use third-party companies to perform certain business-related functions on Fizz’s behalf (“ Service Providers ”), which may also collect personal information from or about you. In addition to the information below, please see Section 6 ( Third Parties ) below for more information about our Service Providers and others that we work with. 1.1 Information That You Provide to Us Registration and contact information.
If you open an account with us or otherwise interact with our Services, we may collect your name, email address and login details, your postcode, your country, your social security number and/or taxpayer identification number, your phone number, your university enrollment and graduation year, and any additional information you provide us. If you share contact information with us, we may use that information to communicate with you or for other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.  Information necessary to provide you with the Services.
We may also collect additional information from you when you use the Services. This may include financial information such as account balances, income, transaction history, and similar financial information. For more information about the types of financial information that Fizz collects, please refer to the Fizz U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice. Communications with Fizz.
You may contact us via email or by in-app support chat service (for example, with questions about our Services, for customer support, or to let us know your ideas for new products or modifications to existing products). When you contact us, we collect the information you choose to provide us, such as your contact details, any images you choose to upload and the contents and nature of your message, as well as information about your use and interaction with our Website or other Services. Information relating to third parties.
Certain areas and aspects of our Services may permit or require you to provide us with information relating to third parties, such as where you invite someone to sign up for Fizz (collectively, “ Third-Party Data ”). Please keep in mind that any such information that you provide us must be consistent with this Privacy Policy or our
Terms of Use . If you use any feature of the Services that allows or requires you to provide Third-Party Data, either by submitting Third-Party Data to the Services or otherwise permitting the Services to automatically access Third-Party Data in your possession, you acknowledge, represent, and agree (a) that you have the authority of the relevant third party for us to access and use the relevant Third-Party Data, (b) that you have notified these third parties and informed them how their information is collected and used by Fizz to provide the Services, and (c) your sharing of the Third-Party Data complies with our
Terms of Use
and this
Privacy Policy . 1.2 Information that is Passively or Automatically Collected When You Use Our Services When you visit the Fizz website or use our Services, we may collect information sent to us by your computer, mobile device, or any other device. This information may include: Device information
such as identifiers, device names and types, operating system, and location. Mobile network information and standard web log information , such as your browser type, traffic to and from our site, the pages you accessed on our website, and any other available information.  Usage Information.
We may also collect information about your use and interaction with our website, application or the Services. For more information about the methods we and our Service Providers use to collect this information, please see Section 8.3 ( Cookies and Similar Technologies ) below. 1.3 Information Collected from Other Sources As part of the Services, Fizz may enable you to review a copy of your credit score or receive alerts related to changes to your credit report(s). In order to provide these functionalities, Fizz may access your credit profile, including without limitation, your credit report, credit score(s), and other related information (collectively, “Credit Information”), which is used to verify your identity, to provide your credit information to you, and provide you with credit monitoring and alerts. We may also receive information about you from other sources, such as our Service Providers that assist us with payment services, analytics, and security, and others, consistent with any privacy or sharing choices you have made with any such third-party platform. 2. Data Security Fizz is committed to protecting the confidentiality of your information and online transactions. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect your personal information. We have security procedures in place designed to safeguard against loss, theft, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, and modification of this information after we receive it. In order to help us in securing your information, you should choose a strong password for your account with Fizz, and never share your password with anyone. Your password is not known to any Fizz employee or third party, and we will never ask for your password by phone or email.  If you have reason to believe that your personal information is no longer secure, please immediately contact us as set forth below in Section 10 ( Contact Us ) below. 3. Use of Information  We use information about you for the following purposes: Communicating with you.
We may use your personal information to send you information while we process your application and verify your identity. Subject to your preferences regarding marketing communications (see Section 8.2 ( Communications Preferences ) below), we may also use the information we collect to send you communications relating to the Services, such as updates on events, communications relating to products and services offered by us and by third parties, and communications about services we believe will be of interest to you. If you have chosen to provide us with your mobile number, we may communicate with you to provide information regarding your Fizz account by phone or text message. You can opt out of text messages by following the instructions provided in those messages, or by contacting us at support@joinfizz.com. Providing the Services.
We use the information we collect to operate, maintain, and provide our Services, such as enabling access to the Services, customer support, or to analyze or complete transactions.  Security and Fraud Prevention .
We use the information we collect to secure our Services and to verify your identity; prevent fraud; protect the security of our information, systems, and network; and to continually improve these aspects of our Services. Analytics, Research, and Product Development .
We use the information we collect to analyze usage trends and preferences in order to improve the accuracy, effectiveness, security, usability or popularity of our Services. We further use data in connection with our research on our customer demographics, interests and behavior.   Legal.
We use information we collect to defend our legal rights, comply with national, state, local, federal, regional or international laws, and to enforce our
Terms of Use
and this
Privacy Policy .  Use of Aggregated Data.
We may aggregate, anonymize and/or de-identify information collected from or about you so that the information no longer identifies you (“ Aggregated Data ”). Fizz and our Service Providers may use Aggregated Data in the administration of our Services to improve their usability, evaluate the success of particular marketing and advertising campaigns, and help optimize our Services based on your needs. Fizz will not use your Credit Information to market credit opportunities or other products or services that may be available to you through third parties or for any purpose other than as set forth in our
Terms of Use .  4. Sharing of Personal Information Collected  There are certain circumstances in which we share information collected through the Services with third parties.
Fizz does not sell your personal information , but may disclose your information as set forth below.  With our successors-in-interest .
We will share your information with third parties in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings) and, in each case, any due diligence relating thereto.  With our agents, consultants, vendors, Service Providers, and similar third parties .
We provide access to or share your information with third parties so they can perform services for us. Examples of such functions include marketing, mailing information, data storage, security, identity verification, fraud prevention, payment processing, legal services, analytics, and maintaining databases. We limit the personal information provided in this context to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions. To meet our legal obligations .
Fizz may disclose your information when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to: (i) comply with the law including with subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, and other legal process; and respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement, public authorities, or content protection organizations; (ii) protect and defend the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of Fizz, its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, agents, contractors, or its users; (iii) permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate in, or defend litigation, or limit the damages we may sustain; or (iv) enforce this Privacy Policy or any applicable
Terms of Use . Your consent . In certain situations, we may share your information in the event that you consent to or authorize the sharing of your information. Aggregated Data . We may share Aggregated Data with business partners, research facilities, or other third parties. This information does not identify you. Other users of our Services . We provide your information to other users of our Services if you choose to make your information publicly available in a publicly accessible area of the Services. Fizz will not share your Credit Information to market credit opportunities or other products or services that may be available to you through third parties or for any purpose other than as set forth in our
Terms of Use .   5. Data Retention We retain your information for as long as necessary for the purpose for which that information was collected and for our legitimate business operations; provided, however, that your information is only retained to the extent permitted or required by applicable laws. When we no longer need to retain your information, we will take reasonable steps to remove it from our systems and records and/or take steps to anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it in accordance with our internal document retention policies.  We may also delete your information after a prolonged period of inactivity with respect to our Services, except to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations. When determining the retention period for your information, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our Services, the impact on the Services we provide to you if we delete some information about you, and mandatory retention periods provided by law and associated limitations periods. 6. Third Parties Depending on the Services you use, we may use Service Providers and other third parties to help us provide the Services and for other purposes, such as to gather information about how you view and use our Services and content, and to connect your activity with other information we store about you. The manner in which these third parties collect, use, store, and disclose your information (and the types of information that they collect) is governed by the policies of such third parties, and some information about your online activities may be tracked over time and across third-party websites or other online services. Fizz has no responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party that may be enabled within, or integrated with, the Services. Some of these third parties and the services they provide include: Analytics and Marketing Services.
We use several analytics providers which allow us to view information about traffic to our Webpage and help us understand how Website visitors use our Services. These providers are set forth below.  Google Analytics.
We use Universal Analytics and the Google Search Console tools by Google Analytics. For more information on Google Analytics (including how it uses data for its own purposes, e.g., for profiling or linking it to other information) please visit the
Google Analytics Terms of Use , the
Google Analytics' Privacy and Data Protection Guidelines
and in the
Google Privacy Policy . Facebook Pixel.
The Facebook Pixel helps us to identify relevant audiences for advertising purposes among Facebook users. For specific information and details about the Facebook pixel and how it works, please visit the
Facebook Help Center . Reddit Pixel.
We use the Reddit Pixel to help us to identify audiences for advertising targeting among Reddit users. The Reddit Pixel aids us in displaying Reddit advertisements to Reddit users who have visited our Service, Reddit users who have engaged with our Services, and Reddit users who share certain characteristics with visitors to our Website or users of our Services. Reddit may use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect information from the Service and from other Internet websites, and use that information for the purposes of targeting ads and providing measurement services. Reddit may track Your activity over time and across websites. For more information about the data Reddit collects, please visit Reddit’s
Privacy Policy .  For specific information about Reddit Pixel, please visit this
article . If You are logged into Reddit, You can opt out of the collection and use of Your information for targeted advertising by visiting Reddit’s
personalization page . TikTok Pixel.
The TikTok Pixel aids us in displaying advertisements to TikTok users who have visited our Website, or TikTok users who share certain characteristics with visitors to our Website. TikTok and other third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect information from the Website and from other Internet websites, and use that information for the purposes of targeting ads and providing measurement services. TikTok may track your activity over time and across websites. For more information about the data TikTok collects, please visit TikTok’s
Privacy Policy . For specific information about TikTok Pixel, please visit its
help article . Fathom Analytics.
We may use Fathom Analytics to provide privacy-focused analytics services about interactions with our Website. For more information about Fathom and the information it collects, please visit
Fathom’s Privacy Policy . Hotjar .
We may also use session replay analytics services provided by Hotjar. These services may allow us to record and/or display interaction with the Services, which allows us to improve them. By using our Services, you expressly acknowledge and consent to our use of this functionality. For more information about how Hotjar uses your personal information, please visit the
Hotjar Privacy Policy . Financial Integration Tools.
We use Plaid, which is a service that allows you to connect your financial accounts to Fizz so that you can use our Services. When you link Plaid to your bank, Plaid encrypts your bank information (such as your account balances and routing number, if you have enabled auto-pay) and shares it with Fizz to so that we can provide the Services. Fizz never receives your bank log-in information. By using our Services, Plaid may collect, use, store, and disclose information about you in accordance with
Plaid’s Privacy Policy . Communications Support.
We provide a limited amount of your information (such as sign-up date and some personal information like your email address) to Intercom, Inc. (“ Intercom ”) which we use as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our Services. For more information on the privacy practices of Intercom, please visit
Intercom’s Privacy Policy .  Additionally, we may utilize Intercom to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website or use our product. For more information on Intercom's use of cookies, please visit
Intercom’s Cookie Policy .  The Services may contain links to, or advertisements concerning, other websites. Other websites may also reference, advertise, or link to Fizz. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. You should check the applicable privacy policy of any website you access through the Services. For information about your choices with respect to cookies and other technologies, please refer to Section 8 ( Your Rights and Choices ) below. 7. Children Our Services are not designed for use by individuals under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not use the Services or submit any information through the Services. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to Fizz through the Services, please contact us at support@joinfizz.com, and we will delete that information from our databases to the extent required by law. 8. Your Rights and Choices Fizz is committed to help you exercise your rights regarding your personal information, as set forth below. 8.1 Deletion of Your Information To close an account that you have created with us, please contact us. Closure or deletion of your account may mean that you lose access to the personal information and data associated with the account. Certain personal information or de-identified information associated with your account may nonetheless remain on systems owned or maintained by us when required to comply with the law, our contractual obligations, or in carrying out our legitimate business functions.   In addition to your choice to close your account, please note that we may also delete your information after a prolonged period of inactivity with respect to our Services. Please see Section 5 ( Data Retention ) above for more information.   8.2 Communications Preferences Depending on where you live and your choices about how to engage with us, you may receive marketing communications from us. For individuals in the United States, please follow the instructions below to opt out of marketing communications.  Email.
In order to opt-out of email communications, please click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email or contact us at support@joinfizz.com.  Text Messages.
If you receive an unwanted text message from us, you may opt out of receiving future marketing text messages by following the instructions in the text message you have received, or by otherwise contacting us as set forth in Section 10 ( Contact Us ) below.   Push Notifications.
In connection with certain Services, you may choose to opt in to receiving push notifications. If you no longer want to receive them, you can turn them off at the device level.  Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing communications, we may still send you informational communications about your account or any Services you have requested, used, or received. 8.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies  We use various tools to collect information when you use our Services, including cookies, pixels, web beacons, advertising identifiers, and other similar technologies. In some cases, these tools are provided by our Service Providers or other third parties. Some of these technologies store information in the browser or on your device. Other technologies may use network-related or other information to recognize your device (e.g., IP address). Our Services use these technologies, for example, when you first request a web page and information is then stored on your computer or other device so the website or app can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that Service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Services, such as pages you have visited, your search history, and content you have viewed.  You may stop or restrict the placement of some types of cookies and related technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. You can also consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g.  Internet Explorer ,  Google Chrome ,  Mozilla Firefox , or  Apple Safari ). However, please note that cookie-based opt-outs are typically not effective on mobile applications. You may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for  Android ,  iOS  and  others .  The online advertising industry additionally provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the  Network Advertising Initiative ,  the Digital Advertising Alliance ,  the European Digital Advertising Alliance , the
Your Ad Choices for App tool , and  the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada . Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.  8.4 Do-Not-Track Controls Do Not Track (“ DNT ”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browser, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and developing a common approach to responding to DNT. To learn more about Do Not Track, you can do so  here .  9. Changes to this Privacy Policy Fizz reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy periodically and at any time. If you disagree with our revisions to the Privacy Policy, you can deactivate your account or discontinue the use of our Services. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically for any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.  By using our Services and Services after any such update or modification, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the terms of the Policy as updated or modified. 10. Contact Us Please contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services. You can contact us as follows: By Mail: Fizz c/o WeWork 154 West 14th Street  New York, NY 10014  By e-mail:
support@joinfizz.com   Build credit, earn rewards Company About us Resources Ambassador program Media kit Support Help center Policies © Fizz Inc. © 2023 All Rights Reserved. WeWork c/o Fizz; 154 West 14th Street; New York, NY 10011 ShoulderTap Technologies Inc. d/b/a Fizz (“Fizz”) is not a bank. Banking services are provided by Patriot Bank, N.A. Fizz Mastercard Debit Cards (“Fizz Cards”) are issued by Patriot Bank, N.A. pursuant to a license from Mastercard® and may be used everywhere Mastercard® debit cards are accepted. Any loans you may be offered in connection with your use of Fizz’s services are originated by Lead Bank, a Missouri state-chartered bank. Any promotions or rewards you may be offered in connection with your use of Fizz’s services are offered and managed by Fizz, not our bank partners. Increases or specific changes to your credit score are not guaranteed. Impact on your credit score may vary depending on your use. Fizz is required to report late payments, which may negatively impact your credit score. Credit scores are independently determined by credit bureaus based on a number of factors, including your activity with other creditors. The Fizz Card and related services will not remove negative credit history from your credit report. Fizz, on behalf of Lead Bank, will report your activities to Experian®, Transunion®, and Equifax®.For additional information, terms and conditions applicable to your use of Fizz’s services, please consult Fizz’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, the ShoulderTap Technologies Inc. d/b/a Fizz Consumer Cardholder Agreement, any Line of Credit Agreement in effect between you and Lead Bank and any and all other applicable terms, policies and guidelines made available to you through the Fizz services. Testimonial Disclaimer: Review provided by customer to ShoulderTap Technologies, Inc. d/b/a Fizz directly. The comment above is related to individual experiences or results. Individual results may vary.