Terms & Policy | Meme Maker Pro | App
top of page Meme Maker Pro Key Features Screenshots Press Contact General More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY & TERMS OF USE
Privacy and cookie policy
1.       Introduction
1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of all our users.
1.2    This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors, app users and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3    We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of the mememaker.ai website we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.4    In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Digital Palette LLC, the creator of the Meme Maker Pro App.
2.       How we use your personal data
2.1    In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c)    the legal bases of the processing.
2.2    We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency, and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics and Fabric.io. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3    We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.4    We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("profile data"). The profile data may include your name, email address, public profile pictures. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.5    We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The service data may include your name, email, public profile picture and username. The source of the service data is you. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.6    We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services, such as posting an image to Facebook or Twitter. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.7    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding our services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of selling relevant services to you or responding to support requests and questions. The legal basis for this processing is providing customer service which is in our legitimate interests to provide.
2.8    We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information ("customer relationship data"). The customer relationship data may include your name, email, subscription status, username and public profile photo. The source of the customer relationship data is you. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships and servicing our Meme Maker PRO subscribers.
2.9    We DO NOT process information relating to transactions, including purchases of services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. We do not store or have access to your payment information. You provide that information directly to on our third-party billing partners: PayPal, Apple Inc, Google Inc, Amazon Inc, or Braintree Payments for online Credit Card Payments.
2.10  We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract. You can request to unsubscribe at the bottom of any of our email communications at any time and you will no longer receive further communications.
2.11  We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us  ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.12  We may process images JPG,JPEG,PNG,GIF or other images This data may include images you have uploaded or edited and saved using one of our Digital Palette Apps. The source of this data is any image stored on our server for any purpose. This data may be processed for storing, retrieving, or removing the images from your account. These images are private and only accessible by the account owner. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper functioning of the App, which is a photo editing and design tool that produces digital images.
2.13  We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.14  We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.15  In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.16  Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3.       Providing your personal data to others
3.1    We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.2    We may disclose your personal information to our suppliers or subcontractor insofar as reasonably necessary for providing the service. See a list of our third-party partners and the reason we provide them your personal information:
Facebook
login, social sharing
https://www.facebook.com/help/325807937506242/?ref=contextual
Google
ad serving, login
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
MailChimp
Email Marketing
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Zendesk
Support ticket system, help desk
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
Twitter
Login, social sharing
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
3.3    Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers listed below. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices below.
Recurly Inc
PRO subscription billing manager
https://recurly.com/legal/privacy
PayPal
billing for PRO subscription
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
BrainTree
billing for PRO subscription
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
Amazon Inc
billing for PRO subscription
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
Apple Inc
billing for PRO subscriptions via iTunes
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
3.4    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.       International transfers of your personal data
4.1    In this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2    We are located in Los Gatos, CA, just outside of San Jose, CA. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of the United States.  Transfers to the United States will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which can be obtained by contacting us at  support@pizap.com .
4.3    The hosting facilities for our website are situated in Northern California (AWS US WEST 1) The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of the United States. Transfers to the United States will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which you can obtain by contacting us at  support@pizap.com .
4.5    You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5.       Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1    This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3    We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a)    Until you cancel or delete your account. At which time all your personal information and or images will be deleted.
(b)    If you account has not been accessed for a period of two years we will automatically delete it and delete any stored information or images.
5.4    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6.       Amendments
6.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
6.3    We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
7.       Your rights
7.1    In this Section 7, we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2    Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)    the right to access;
(b)    the right to rectification;
(c)    the right to erasure;
(d)    the right to restrict processing;
(e)    the right to object to processing;
(f)    the right to data portability;
(g)    the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)    the right to withdraw consent.
7.3    You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data.
7.4    You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5    In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
7.6    In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful, but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
7.8    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
7.9    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
7.10  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)    consent; or
(b)    that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly usedand machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
7.11  If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
7.12  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.13  You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
8.       About cookies
8.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
8.2    Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9.       Cookies that we use
9.1    We may use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)    authentication - we may use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website
(b)    status - we may use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website
(c)    personalization - we may use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalize the website for you
10.    Cookies used by our service providers
10.1  Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
10.2  We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at:  https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
10.3  We publish Google AdSense and AdExchange interest-based advertisements on our website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using cookies. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:  https://adssettings.google.com . You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at:  http://optout.networkadvertising.org . However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-ins available at:  https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996 .
11.    Managing cookies
11.1  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)     https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en  (Chrome);
(b)     https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences  (Firefox);
(c)     http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/  (Opera);
(d)     https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies  (Internet Explorer);
(e)     https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411  (Safari); and
(f)     https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy  (Edge).
11.2  Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
11.3  If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
12.    Our details
12.1  This website and the mobile apps are owned and operated by Digital Palette LLC
12.2  Our principal place of business is at 481 N. Santa Cruz Ave #172. Los Gatos CA. 95030
12.3  The best way to get in touch with us is by contacting us through our  support/ticket system . We answer all requests and you are assigned a ticket number. You can also simply send an email to  support@pizap.com  and it will automatically generate a support ticket for you.  Usual response time is 24-48 hours.
13.     Data Protection Representative:
13.1   Contact Sam Crisco at  sam@pizap.com  1 (719) 298 2374
13.2   GDPR exemption for EU based representative
·         personal data is only processed occasionally
·         processing does not include large-scale processing of special categories of personal data
·         personal data does not contain or reveal racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade-union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation.
·         Personal data does not contain information about criminal arrests, convictions or investigations
·         processing is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of data subjects
Terms and conditions of use
1.       Introduction
1.1    These terms and conditions shall govern your use of our website and our mobile apps.
1.2    By using our website or mobile apps, you accept these terms and conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website or mobile apps.
1.3    If you register with our website or mobile apps, submit any material to our website or mobile apps or use any of our website or mobile apps services, we will ask you to expressly agree to these terms and conditions.
1.4    You must be at least [13] years of age to use our website or mobile apps; by using our website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you warrant and represent to us that you are at least [13] years of age.
1.5    Our website uses cookies; by using our website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy (above).
2.       Copyright notice
2.1    Copyright © Digital Palette LLC
2.2    Subject to the express provisions of these terms and conditions:
(a)    we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and
(b)    all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
3.1    You may:
(a)    view pages from our website in a web browser;
(b)    download pages from our website for caching in a web browser;
(c)    print pages from our website;
(d)    download and install our mobile apps
(e)    use our website services by means of a web browser
(f)    install our desktop apps
subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions.
3.2    You may only use our website for your own personal and business purposes, and you must not use our website for any other purposes.
3.3    Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material (such as images that you own and upload), you must not:
(a)    republish material from our website including republication on another website;
(b)    sell, rent or sub-license material from our website;
(c)    exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose; or
(d)    redistribute material from our website.
3.4    We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
4.       Acceptable use
4.2    You must not:
(a)    use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
(b)    use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
(c)    use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
(d)    access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means, except for the purpose of search engine indexing;
(e)    violate the directives set out in the robots.txt file for our website
(f)    use any of the stickers or in any commercial product (personal use is ok)
5.       Registration and accounts
5.1    You must not use any other person's account to access the website, unless you have that person's express permission to do so.
6.       Cancellation and suspension of account
6.1    We may:
(a)    suspend your account;
(b)    cancel your account; and/or
(c)    edit your account details,
at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation
7.       Cancellation of PRO and refund policy
7.1    You may cancel at any time for any reason.
9.       Your content: rules
9.1    You warrant and represent that your content will comply with these terms and conditions.
9.2    Your content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any person's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action against any person (in each case in any jurisdiction and under any applicable law).
9.3    Your content, and the use of your content by us in accordance with these terms and conditions, must not:
(a)    be obscene or indecent;
(b)    depict violence in an explicit, graphic or gratuitous manner;
(c)    be pornographic, lewd, suggestive or sexually explicit;
10.    Limited warranties
10.1  We do not warrant or represent:
(a)    the completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;
(b)    that the material on the website is up to date; or
(c)    that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
10.2  We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
10.3  To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 11.1, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, our website and the use of our website.
11.    Limitations and exclusions of liability
11.1  Nothing in these terms and conditions will:
(a)    limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
(b)    limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
(c)    limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
(d)    exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
11.2  The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section 11 and elsewhere in these terms and conditions:
(a)    are subject to Section 11.1; and
(b)    govern all liabilities arising under these terms and conditions or relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions.
11.3  To the extent that our website and the information and services on our website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
11.4  We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
11.5  We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
11.6  We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
11.7  We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
11.8  You accept that we have an interest in limiting the personal liability of our officers and employees and, having regard to that interest, you acknowledge that we are a limited liability entity; you agree that you will not bring any claim personally against our officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website or these terms and conditions (this will not, of course, limit or exclude the liability of the limited liability entity itself for the acts and omissions of our officers and employees).
12.    Breaches of these terms and conditions
12.1  Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may:
(a)    send you one or more formal warnings;
(b)    temporarily suspend your access to our website;
(c)    permanently prohibit you from accessing our website;
(d)    block computers using your IP address from accessing our website;
(e)    contact any or all of your internet service providers and request that they block your access to our website;
(f)    commence legal action against you, whether for breach of contract or otherwise; and/or
(g)    suspend or delete your account on our website.
12.2  Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our website or a part of our website, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking (including without limitation creating and/or using a different account).
13.    Variation
13.1  We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time.
13.2  The revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions
13.3  If you have given your express agreement to these terms and conditions, we will ask for your express agreement to any revision of these terms and conditions; and if you do not give your express agreement to the revised terms and conditions within such period as we may specify, we will disable or delete your account on the website, and you must stop using the website.
14.    Assignment
14.1  You hereby agree that we may assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
14.2  You may not without our prior written consent assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with any of your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
15.    Severability
15.1  If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
15.2  If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision of these terms and conditions would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
16.    Third party rights
16.1  A contract under these terms and conditions is for our benefit and your benefit and is not intended to benefit or be enforceable by any third party.
16.2  The exercise of the parties' rights under a contract under these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
17.    Entire agreement
17.1  Subject to Section 11.1, these terms and conditions, together without privacy and cookies policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall supersede all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
18.    Law and jurisdiction
18.1  These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with California Law.
18.2  Any disputes relating to these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of California in the United States of America. Contact Us How can we help? First Name Last Name Email Message Send Thanks for submitting! Download Now © 2022 Digital Palette LLC |
Contact  |
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use bottom of page