Privacy | American Riviera Bank
Business Checking ¶
Foundation Checking Elevated Checking Savings ¶
Business Savings Business Money Market Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) CD/IRA/HSA ¶
Certificates of Deposit Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS) Individual Retirement Accounts Health Savings Accounts FDIC Insurance ¶
Maximizing FDIC Insurance Small Business Administration Loans ¶
SBA 7(a) Loans SBA 504 Loans Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) Restaurant Revitalization Fund Loans ¶
Commercial Loans and Lines of Credit Ag Loans Construction Loans Commercial Real Estate Loans Digital Banking ¶
Business Online Banking Remote Deposit Capture ACH Origination Wire Transfers Positive Pay Business Debit Card Business Credit Cards Merchant Services Business Solutions ¶
True Community Banking means a customer-centered approach with exceptional solutions for your company's unique financial needs.  Learn More Commercial Checking ¶
Pinnacle Checking Business Interest Checking Account Analysis Checking Savings ¶
Business Savings Business Money Market Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) CD/IRA/HSA ¶
Certificates of Deposit Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS) Individual Retirement Accounts Health Savings Accounts FDIC Insurance ¶
Maximizing FDIC Insurance Loans ¶
Commercial Loans and Lines of Credit Ag Loans Construction Loans Commercial Real Estate Loans Digital Banking ¶
Commercial Online Banking Remote Deposit Capture ACH Origination Wire Transfers Positive Pay Business Debit Card Business Credit Cards Merchant Services Commercial Solutions ¶
From healthy growth to optimizing your business to sharpening your strategy. We evaluate and address the unique needs of your corporation holistically, so you can take advantage of our full range of services. Learn More Personal Checking ¶
Simply Checking Performance Checking Ultimate Checking Savings ¶
Personal Savings Money Market Kids Savings Account Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) CD/IRA/HSA and More ¶
Certificates of Deposit Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS) Individual Retirement Accounts Health Savings Accounts Safe Deposit Boxes FDIC Insurance ¶
Maximizing FDIC Insurance Personal Loans ¶
American Riviera Reserve Line Vehicle Loans Personal Line of Credit Residential Loans ¶
Portfolio Loans Conventional Loans Home Equity Line of Credit Bridge Loans Loans to Trusts Residential Construction Loans ¶
Single Family Residential Owner-Occupied Digital Banking ¶
Online and Mobile Banking Debit Card Digital Wallet Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) Wire Transfers Consumer Credit Cards Personal Solutions ¶
True Community Banking means deposit accounts, loans, and digital banking solutions tailored to your needs. Learn More Community Community ¶
About ARB Management Directors Careers Investor Relations   ¶
Sponsorships Financial Education News & Press Releases Idea Vault Blog Regional Pulse Podcast Webinars Contact Locations & Hours Wire Instructions Customer Support Contact Us Locations & Hours Wire Instructions Customer Support Contact Us Search
Search for: ¶
Search Login Online Banking Commercial Banking Access Personal and Small Business Digital Banking ¶
Reset
Password Enroll in Digital
Banking Access Commercial Banking ¶
Enroll in Commercial Banking
Privacy
Because your financial privacy is so important to American Riviera Bank, we go to great lengths to ensure we are transparent about the data we collect and how it is used. We do not engage in intrusive advertisement retargeting or share personally identifiable information with third parties other than those necessary to provide you with products and services selected by you. When you opt in to such products or services, the terms of use of the service will provide additional detail about data use and data protection functionalities. Various laws and regulations also require certain additional privacy-related policies and notices, which are posted here for your convenience. These notices include the
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice (“CCPA Notice”) ﻿. The CCPA Notice explains how we collect, use and disclose information about California residents and how California residents can exercise rights under the CCPA. The additional policies and notices also include
American Riviera Bank Privacy Policy ﻿, which applies to U.S. customers and consumers as described in that notice. Please note that where we have another type of presence on a site owned by a third party, such as a page on a social media site, that third party’s privacy policy and terms of use, rather than this Policy, will govern, unless specifically stated otherwise. Digital Privacy Policy﻿ ¶
This Digital Privacy Policy describes how American Riviera Bank (the "Bank") applies to your interaction with this website (“Site”). Types of information You may interact with this Site in a variety of ways online, including through a mobile device. We may offer sites or applications that permit browsing and do not require registration. We may also offer the ability to enroll, register or access your accounts online. Information that we may collect about you through online interaction includes information that you input, such as your name, address, email address, other contact information; data resulting from your activity, such as transaction information; location information; and biometric information, if you choose to enroll in verification in this manner. We collect this information online when you complete one of our online forms, surveys, applications or other online fields that request this type of information: To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests or online expressions of interest in our products or services To send you important information regarding our Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information To allow you to apply for one of our products and evaluate your eligibility for such a product To verify your identity and/or location in order to allow access to your accounts, conduct online transactions and to maintain measures aimed at preventing fraud and protecting the security of account and information For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing our Sites, improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns For risk management, to comply with laws and regulations and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requests. We may also gather additional information, such as the type of device and browser you are using, the IP address of your device, your device’s operating system, and additional information associated with your device.
Using information ¶
In addition to the uses described above, we use information for purposes as allowed by law such as: servicing; communicating with you; improving our site, products, or services; legal compliance; risk management; information security; anti-fraud purposes; and aggregate website usage, such as number of hits, pages visited, and the length of user sessions in order to evaluate the usefulness of our sites. Sharing﻿﻿ ¶
We may share information with service providers with whom we work, such as data processors and other service providers. When permitted or required by law, we may share information with additional third parties for purposes including response to legal process. As applicable, please see the additional privacy policies referenced above, such as the
American Riviera Bank Privacy Policy ﻿ for more information on how we may share information with affiliates and third parties. Online Chat ¶
We offer an online chat service that is operated between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m., and is intended for general inquiries only. If you need assistance with specific transactions or accounts, please log in to online or mobile banking to access our secure messaging system. Please do not include any personal, sensitive, or confidential information in this online chat service. For security purposes we collect IP addresses of people using the chat system and utilize cookies to preserve your chat session. Any information you enter in online chat is archived for compliance purposes. By using online chat you accept these terms and conditions. Social Media Sites ¶
The Bank provides experiences on social media platforms, such as Facebook ® , that enable online sharing and collaboration among users who have registered to use them. American Riviera Bank does not share any Personal Information with any social media platform without your consent; however, you should be aware that any content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any Personal Information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies of those platforms. Please refer to them to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content. Online Banking ¶
American Riviera Bank safeguards your personal information online by using strong encryption to protect your personal information including User IDs, Passwords, and account information over the internet. As a security measure, you may access your account information online or through our mobile app only if you have registered for our digital banking services. For more information on the security of our online banking solutions, visit our Digital Banking page. Children's Privacy ¶
The site is not intended for use by individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the site. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent. Updates to this Privacy Policy ¶
This Digital Privacy Policy is subject to change. Please review it periodically. If we make changes to this Policy, we will update the Policy with the changes and revised the “date of most recent update” posted at the top of this Policy. Any updates to the Policy become effective when we post the updates on the Site. Your use of the Site following the update to the Policy means that you accept the updated Policy. January 6, 2021
Search
Business
Checking
Savings
Debit Card
CD/IRA/HSA
Business Loans
SBA Loans
Digital Banking
Commercial
Checking
Savings
Debit Card
CD/IRA/HSA
Business Loans
Digital Banking
Personal
Checking
Savings
CD/IRA/HSA and More
Personal Loans
Residential Loans
Construction Loans
Digital Banking
Community
About ARB
Management
Directors
Careers
Investor Relations
Sponsorships
Financial Education
News & Press Releases
Idea Vault Blog
Regional Pulse Podcast
Webinars
Contact
Locations & Hours
Wire Instructions
Customer Support
Contact Us
© Copyright 2023 | American Riviera Bank |
NMLSR
#808293
Terms of Use
|
Privacy
|
Security Statement
|
USA PATRIOT Act Notice