Privacy Policy Your browser is not supported and may not give the best experience. Canva home Design spotlight Design spotlight Visual documents Visual Suite Docs Presentations Whiteboards PDF editor Graphs and charts Photos and videos Video editor YouTube video editor Photo editor Photo collages Print Business cards Cards Invitations Mugs T-Shirts Hoodies Calendars Labels Marketing Logos Posters Flyers Brochures Social media Websites Stickers Yard signs QR Code Generator Browse Canva templates   Choose from thousands of free, ready-to-use templates. Magic Studio   All the power of AI, all in one place. Business Business Canva for business Content creation Visual communication Brand management Team collaboration Plan and schedule content Asset management Brainstorms and workshops Branded team templates Productivity and workflows Solutions Marketing Creatives Agencies Sales Communications Media and publishing Startups Real estate Resources Business resources Case studies Features Integrations and apps Contact Sales Visual Suite   Reimagine the way you work.
Canva for Teams   For teams of all sizes wanting to create together. Education Education Teachers and schools   Create and collaborate visually in the classroom.
Students   Designs and documents to boost your learning. Teaching resources   Free lessons, worksheets and templates, just for educators. LMS integrations   Integrate Canva with your learning management system. Case studies   Hear how others deliver creative and collaborative learning. Higher Education   Inspire future generations with the power of design. Become an education creator   Create and publish your own resources on Canva and earn by sharing. Plans and pricing Plans and pricing Free   For anyone to design anything, on their own or with family, friends, or others. No experience required. Pro   For individuals wanting unlimited access to premium content and design tools. Teams   For teams of all sizes wanting to create together, with premium workplace and brand tools. Compare pricing Education   A powerful, free tool for classrooms, districts and students. Not-for-profit   Canva Pro is free for all registered nonprofits. Apply today. Learn Learn Create top designs Logo maker Flyer maker Banner maker Photo collage maker Poster maker Resume maker Canva Blog   Explore articles and resources. Design school   Enjoy tutorials and courses. Events   Be inspired by experts and trends. Help center   Get technical support and help. Getting started   Try our quick intro tutorial and get designing on Canva, like a pro. Log in Sign up Home Policies and Terms Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 4, 2023. See previous versions of the Privacy Policy in our
Policy Archives. The highlighted text is aimed to give a plain English summary of our Privacy Policy. Please ensure you read the main text, as the plain English summary is just a summary and doesn’t capture all of the terms.
What does this policy cover Welcome to Canva, the online and mobile service of Canva Pty Ltd (“Canva,” “we,” or “us”). Our Privacy Policy explains how Canva and its affiliates collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to our visual communication platform (the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in our
Terms of Use . If you do not want your information processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy in general or any part of it, you should not use our Service. This policy applies to all users of the Service, including, but not limited to users of our
Developer Portal . Summary: Welcome, here is our policy on privacy. This policy sets out how Canva collects and uses the information that we collect about you when you use the Service. This policy also explains the choices that you can make about the way that we use your information. 1. Information we collect We collect the following types of information about you: (a) Information you provide us directly We may ask for certain information when you register for a Canva account or correspond with us (such as a username, your first and last names, birthdate, phone number, profession, physical and e-mail address). We also collect any messages you send us through the Service (such as user feedback, search queries and prompts), and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service (such as text and photos you upload to use in your designs). We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide the features and functionality of the Service to you, to correspond with you, and to address any issues you raise about the Service. If you don’t provide your personal information to us, you may not be able to access or use our Service or your experience of using our Service may not be as enjoyable. Summary: We collect info about you that you choose to give us, for example when you register an account, use the Service or otherwise interact with us.
(b) Information we receive from third-party applications We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access the Service through a third-party connection or log-in, such as Facebook Connect, by “following,” “liking,” adding the Canva application, linking your account to the Canva Service, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Canva. This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account (for example, your Facebook UID), an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Service. You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service. If you unlink your third party account, we will no longer receive information collected about you in connection with that service. And if you choose to integrate with a third party application to incorporate elements into your designs, enhance media, supercharge your workflow or share to social media, we could receive data from such apps (as well as disclose data to such apps). If you communicate with us via social media, including Instagram, Facebook or TikTok and choose to share your user generated content with us, we may receive information such as videos you’ve created, your photo, your account name and your comments about Canva. Summary: When you use our Service, for example, if you log in through a third-party application, we may obtain information about you from such third-party application.
(c) Information we receive from other third parties We may obtain information about you from third-party sources, such as public sources, social media platforms (like Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and other platforms) and third-party data providers and information services. Examples of the information we may obtain from such third parties include your company, company size, job title and seniority, industry and other profile information. We may share your email address or other information in order to obtain and combine this information with information that you provide to us or other information that we collect when you use our Service. We do this to better understand your profile and interests so that we can deliver customized offers and other personalized services to you, such as to serve relevant offers to you via email, chatbots, phone or personalized advertising. You can opt out of Canva collecting more data about you from third-party providers to tailor your experience and messages we send you
here . Some of these providers may combine data collected from our Service through cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies, with email or mailing addresses to which they have access to help us serve relevant offers to you. If you are not a Canva subscriber, we may obtain your contact details from a social media platform, such as LinkedIn, or a third party data provider, so that we can promote our product offerings and subscriptions to you if we think they would be helpful in your role. We also may have obtained your details from another Canva user, for example when they have shared a design with you. We may also receive information about you and your engagement with our advertisements from our ad servers, ad networks and social media platforms. This may include the websites you visited before coming to Canva so that we can determine advertising effectiveness and pay our referral partners. If you prefer not to have your information used for this purpose, you can opt out at any time by emailing us at
privacy@canva.com . Canva for Education:
Please note that references to utilizing third-party information for offers and advertising in this Section 1(c) do not apply to students using Canva for Education. We do not serve advertising to students using Canva for Education.
Summary: We may obtain information about you from third-party sources so that we can understand your interests and personalize our communications and promotions to you. You can opt out at any time.
(d) Information we collect from you automatically We will directly collect or generate certain information about your use of the Service (such as user activity data, analytics event data, and clickstream data) for data analytics and machine learning, and to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. We may also use third party analytics tools that automatically collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that assists us in improving the Service. For more information please see the paragraphs below on cookies information, log file information, clear gifs, device identifiers, and location data. Summary: We collect and generate certain info about how you use our Service automatically. This helps us to provide and improve the Service for you.
(e) Cookies information and information taken from similar technologies When you visit the Service, we (and our third-party partners) will send cookies — small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Canva do things like help you log in faster, enhance your navigation through the site, remember your preferences and generally improve the user experience. Cookies also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time. They also allow us to measure traffic and usage trends for the Service, deliver personalized advertisements that may be of interest to you and measure their effectiveness, and find potential new users of the Service. You can control or reset your cookies and similar technologies through your web browser, which will allow you to customize your cookie preferences and to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. For more information on how we use cookies and other technologies and how you can control them, please read our
Cookies Policy . Canva for Education:
Please note that references to utilizing cookies for advertising in this Section 1(e) do not apply to students using "Canva for Education" - we do not serve advertising to students using Canva for Education. Summary: We use cookies to help you use Canva and for other business purposes. For more information about how we use cookies and how you can control them, please see our Cookies Policy. (f) Log file information Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. Summary: Whenever you load a page from Canva, your browser sends us info about itself and your interactions with our Service. That info gets stored on our servers. (g) Clear gifs/web beacons information When you use the Service, we may employ clear GIFs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our users. In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. This information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. Summary: We might use small images in order to check how many people open our emails and visit our site. (h) Device identifiers When you access the Service on a device (including smart-phones or tablets), we may access, collect and/or monitor one or more “device identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier (“UUID”). Device identifiers are small data files that uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may convey information to us about how you use the Service. A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in and navigate the Service better. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use of device identifiers is impaired. Device Identifiers used by Canva include the Android Advertising ID and iOS Advertising Identifier. Summary: Your phone or device sends us information about your usage. (i) Location data Canva collects information in order to understand where its users are located for a number of reasons. It helps Canva to localize and personalize content, comply with local laws, undertake aggregated analytics, understand if its users use Canva for domestic, business or educational use, improve advertising efficiency and estimate the tax liability of Canva. Canva may collect your precise or approximate location: - from you, when you provide, correct or confirm your location (e.g., when you purchase products from us); - by inferring your location from your IP address; and - from our partners or your payment provider. Canva for Education:
Please note that references to advertising in this Section 1(i) do not apply to students using Canva for Education - we do not serve advertising to students using Canva for Education. Summary: Canva may collect and use your location data for personalization, analytics, advertising and tax purposes. (j) Content within your account We receive content that you create within your Canva account and media you upload for use within it, such as designs, images, documents, videos, and metadata about your content.
Summary: Canva collects the content you upload to your account.
2. How we use your information We use the information we collect about you for the purposes set out below: Providing you with the Service:
We use the information that you directly give us to provide the Service to you. This includes allowing you to log in to Canva, operating and maintaining the Service, giving you access to your designs and billing you for transactions that you make via the Service. We also use information we collect about you automatically to remember information about you so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site. For data analytics:
We use information about you to help us improve the Canva Service and our users’ experience, including by monitoring aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns. For analytics and machine learning:
We may analyze your activity, content, media uploads and related data in your account to provide and customize the Service, and to train our algorithms, models and AI products and services using machine learning to develop, improve and provide our Service. You can manage the use of your data for training AI in the privacy settings page under your
account settings . These activities include, but are not limited to: labeling and detecting components in images (e.g., background, eyes) in order to enhance photo editing tools such as background removal, blemish and red eye correction and erasure of components;
labeling raw individual data (e.g., “man with dog”); detecting content prohibited by our
Acceptable Use Policy
for moderation and security purposes (e.g., pornographic or copyright protected material); translating audio soundtracks; predicting the most relevant subscription or product offerings for a user to tailor communications and advertising; search terms and corresponding search results interaction data to build an algorithm to deliver the most relevant design result.
Customizing the Service for you:
We use and combine the information you provide us and information about you that we collect automatically and receive from other sources (including information we receive on and off our Service) and combine it with information about the behavior of other users to make sure that your use of the Service is customized to your needs. For example, to recommend templates, ingredients and fonts that are likely to be useful to you in a design, we may use information derived from your prior behavior on our Service, the use of these elements by other people working on similar designs and other inferred information. To communicate with you about the Service:
We use your contact information to get in touch with you and to send communications about critical elements of the Service. For example, we may send you emails about technical issues, security alerts or administrative matters. To promote and drive engagement with the Canva Service:
We use your contact information to get in touch with you about taking part in our surveys or about features and offers relating to the Service that we think you would be interested in. We also use information we collect about you to make sure that you get the most relevant offers and promotions based on your use of the Service, and your preferences. You can opt-out of these communications as described below. To improve the Service:
We analyze information about your use of the Service and your content to better understand how users are engaging with our Service and measure the effectiveness of the Service so we can make improvements and develop our services for users. For advertising purposes:
We use information about you, including cookies information and other information we (and our third-party partners) collect from you automatically about your use of the Service, to serve, personalize and measure the effectiveness of advertising on the Service and third-party sites and platforms. This includes showing you advertising we think you might find interesting as well as displaying advertising to potential new users that have similar interests. Please note that we do not serve advertising to students using Canva for Education. For more details about how we use your information for advertising purposes, please see Section 4 “Advertising”. Customer happiness:
We use information about you, information that we collect or and from within your account, information that you provide to our customer happiness team, and information about your interactions with the Service to resolve technical issues you experience with the Service, and to ensure that we can repair and improve the Service for all Canva users. For security measures:
We use information about you and from within your account to monitor activity that we think is suspicious or potentially fraudulent, and to identify violations of this Privacy Policy or our
Terms of Use . For matters that you have specifically consented to:
From time to time Canva may seek your consent to use your information for a particular purpose. Where you consent to our doing so, we will use it for that purpose. Where you no longer want us to use your information for that purpose you may withdraw your consent to this use. For troubleshooting, error resolution and service improvement:
We may need to review your designs to support your request for help, correct general errors with the Canva Service or improve our services. For matters that we are required to use your information by law:
Canva will use or disclose your information where we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our
Terms of Use
and our
Acceptable Use Policy
or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Canva, our users or others. Canva for Education:
Please note that references to advertising in this Section 2 do not apply to students using Canva for Education - we do not serve advertising to students using Canva for Education. We will not use User Content of Canva for Education for AI training. Summary: Canva uses information about you for different reasons, including to provide, customize and improve the Service. 3. Sharing your information (a) How we share your information
We share your information with third-party service providers for the purpose of providing the Service to you, to facilitate Canva’s legitimate interests or if you consent. These service providers are vetted by us, and will only be provided with access to your information as is reasonably necessary for the purpose that Canva has engaged the service provider. We require that such third parties comply with applicable laws, and have security, privacy and data retention policies consistent with our policies. Some of the third parties with whom Canva may share your personal information are service providers who assist Canva with functions such as: Billing; Customer support and customer management; Email services; Hosting and storage; Data analytics and predictive analytics; Data labelling and machine learning; Security; Advertising and marketing services; Domain name registration; Delivery of physical products; and Other service providers. Summary: We might share some information about you with our business partners and third-party service providers in order to provide the Service to you or to fulfill Canva’s legitimate business interests. (b) How you can share your User Content
(i) Public Posts Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as public User Content, becomes available to be read, collected and used by the public. When you set your profile to public, or make User Content public, your information becomes publicly available globally, searchable by other users and can be indexed by search engines. If you or Canva remove information that you posted to the Service, copies remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other users have copied or saved that information. You may share your Canva designs to your social media accounts, including LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Tumblr. You should ensure that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of each of these services and any privacy settings that may apply to the designs you choose to share on those accounts. (ii) Teams If you are part of a Team, then any information or content that you create in that Team or activity you take within the Team may be shared with other Team members and the Team Owner. If requested by the Team Owner, Canva may re-assign ownership of any User Content you post in the Team to the Team Owner or to another Team member. You should ensure that any personal information, confidential information, or User Content that you’d like to keep private is retained in a separate personal account. (iii) Design Collaboration
If you accept an invitation to view or edit a Canva design: your name and avatar will be visible to anyone else in the design at the same time as you, whether or not they are logged in to Canva or anonymous; your name and time of login will become available to any other person that also has edit access to that design, whether or not they are within your Team.
If you do not wish for this to occur, simply
click here
and select "Opt out of insights collection" under the Insights section to make your access anonymous. As the owner or editor of an individual design, you can choose to give other people access to your designs using the following link sharing settings: 1. “ Only people added can access ”: Only people who have been added to those designs via their email or Canva account will have access to your design. Anyone who hasn’t been added to a design will need to request access from you. This is the most private sharing option, and Canva uses this as the default setting for all designs . 2. “ Anyone with the link ”: Anyone on the internet who has the link can access your design (and view or edit if you select this). We do not recommend this option for information you wish to keep confidential. Please note that this setting will, by default (except for Canva for Education subscriptions) also allow non-Canva users to anonymously access your design (and view the full names, avatars, cursors and comments of logged in users). 3. “Only your team*”:
Only people on your team that have the link can access, view or edit (as you select) your design. This means if you share the link on an email or Slack communication with numerous people in your Team, any of them can access the design without further permission. *Subject to being made available for your team. Canva collects your links and they may be shared with service providers where required to provide the Services. Once you share a link, it may be on-shared by your recipients. Summary: Our designs are private by default. When sharing designs, make sure the privacy settings are appropriate. For designs with personal or confidential information, we don’t recommend "anyone with the link" setting. (c) Sharing in connection with a merger, acquisition or reorganization Canva may also share, sell or transfer your information to third parties in connection with or contemplation of (including as part of the due diligence process) any merger, acquisition, reorganization, financing, sale of assets, bankruptcy or insolvency event involving Canva or any portion of our assets, services or businesses. Information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content and other user information related to the Service may be among the items shared, sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. You will be notified via email and/or a notice on the Service if such a transaction takes place and be given notice of any material changes to the way we handle your data under this policy.
Summary: If we sell our business, any of the info which we’ve acquired about you may be part of the sale. (d) Your employer If you access Canva with an email address issued to you by your employer (either a business, non-profit or educational institution), and your employer has established an account with Canva (or is considering doing so), you acknowledge that Canva may share your name, email, and the existence of your Canva account with your employer. If you do not use Canva in connection with your employment and do not wish for this information to be shared with your employer you can opt out at any time by emailing us at
privacy@canva.com . Summary: We might share limited information with your employer.
(e) Sharing with other third parties Canva will also share your information with third parties in certain circumstances, such as where you consent to our sharing it with a third party for a particular purpose. You or your account administrator may also choose to work with third-party products integrated into Canva or third-party applications (listed
here ) from within Canva so that you can incorporate elements into your designs (e.g., YouTube, an application that uses the YouTube API Services and users agree to be bound by the YouTube
Terms of Service
and Google
Privacy Policy , and Google Drive), enhance your media (e.g., with duotone and shadows) or supercharge your workflow (e.g., with LinkedIn or Slack). For example, you may install a third-party document sharing app in order to store, share and edit content through our Service. Using third party-products or integrating with third party applications could involve importing data from that third party to Canva and/or exporting data from Canva to that third party. If this requires connecting your Canva account to your account on the third party application, you will be asked for permission.
These third-party products and apps are not controlled by us, and this privacy policy does not cover how third-party apps use your information. You should review the terms and conditions of any third party apps before connecting them to the Service. If you object to information about you being shared with these third parties, do not use the product or install the app.
For the YouTube application, you can revoke Canva’s YouTube application’s access to your data via the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions .
Summary: We may share your data where you use third-party products or have integrated your use of Canva with third-party applications that are not controlled by us.
(f) Sharing aggregate data We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated such anonymized data with third parties Summary: We may share anonymized data with third parties.
(g) Sharing with authorities We access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement, police, intelligence sharing and take down services and others in accordance with our
Authority Request Policy
or where we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to detect, prevent or address fraud, breaches of our
Terms of Use
or
Acceptable Use Policy , harmful or illegal activity, to protect Canva (our rights, property or intellectual property), you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Summary: We may share data with authorities in accordance with our
Authority Request Policy
or where we feel it is necessary.
4. Advertising We partner with third party ad servers, ad networks and social media platforms (like Facebook, Google, LiveRamp, Outbrain, Taboola and Appsflyer) to deliver personalized advertisements (“ads”) on our Service and other sites that may be of interest to you and/or to measure their effectiveness, and/or to identify potential new users of our Service.
Canva may share certain information with our third party advertising partners, such as your email address, location, cookie information and information relating to your use of our Service, and allow partners to perform a match of your information against information from other third party networks or sites to serve ads either on the Service or on third party sites (including, but not limited to Facebook, Google and Samsung televisions) and to measure the effectiveness of these ads. We also share certain information with social media platforms, such as Facebook and Tiktok, to display advertising to potential new users whose demographics and behaviour look like those of our existing users. You can opt out of having your email matched by Liveramp
here
or by emailing
privacy@canva.com .
In addition, these third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, these personalized ads and ad links directly to your browser or mobile device, and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs) to compile information about your browser’s or device’s visits and usage patterns on the Service, and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content. Please see our
Cookies Policy
for more information about how we and our third party partners use cookies and other technologies to deliver ads to you.
Canva does not sell or rent the information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties’ own marketing purposes. Please note that an advertiser may ask Canva to show an ad on the Service to a certain audience of users (e.g., based on demographics or other interests). In that situation, Canva determines the target audience and Canva serves the advertising to that audience and only provides anonymous aggregated data to the advertiser. If you respond to such an ad, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The Canva Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information. Canva for Education:
Please note that this Section 4 does not apply to students using Canva for Education – we do not serve advertising to students using Canva for Education. Summary: If we have ads on our site we might use some of your info to show you appropriate ads. We may also use some of that info to send you relevant ads on other sites, like Facebook or Google. 5. How we transfer, store and protect your data Your information collected through the Service will be stored and processed in the United States, Australia, Singapore, European Union, United Kingdom, Philippines and New Zealand and any other country in which Canva or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities or employ staff or contractors. Canva transfers information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, and to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. As a result, we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. However, we always take steps to ensure that your information remains protected wherever it is stored and processed in accordance with applicable laws. Where required under applicable laws, you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Canva or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. Canva’s U.S. subsidiary adheres to compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. You can learn more about these frameworks, including your rights under each program, in our
Data Privacy Framework Statement . Summary: To run our Service, we’ll have to use our Canva group members and vendors around the world. This means your information might be transferred to the U.S., Australia, Europe, Singapore, Philippines, New Zealand and anywhere else the Service is operated. 6. Keeping your information safe Canva cares about the security of your information, and uses appropriate safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from Canva, at all times. However, Canva cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Canva or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third party sites and services that you add to the Canva Service, such as social networks. Canva is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party. For more information about Canva security, please visit
Security at Canva . Summary: We care about the safety of your data and have implemented industry recognized measures to protect it, but unfortunately we can’t guarantee that nothing bad will ever happen to it.
7. Your choices about your information (a) You control your account information and settings We provide choices about how we process your account information: You can correct, download or delete the data in your account in Your Account settings; You can request access, correction or deletion of the data Canva holds on you by contacting
privacy@canva.com ; and You can opt out of receiving marketing messages in the “Message Preferences” section of Your Account settings
here
or by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. However, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Summary: You have control over your account settings, such as your account information and marketing email notifications, but there’s some important stuff we’ll always send you. If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at privacy@canva.com. (b) Opting out of collection of your information through tracking technologies
Please refer to your mobile device or browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. Depending on your type of device, it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device. Note that disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools prevents Canva or its business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Service, and for use in targeted advertising activities by Canva, including via third-party websites. However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service. If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, please read our
Cookies Policy
or you can contact us directly at privacy@canva.com. Summary: If you want us to stop collecting information about you, there may be some settings you can adjust in your browser or device. But Canva might not be personalized for you without it, making it harder to find what you're looking for. (c) Opting out of enrichment using third-party data As described above, we may combine information about you with information obtained from third-party sources to better understand your profile and interests so that we can deliver customized offers and other personalized services. You can opt out of Canva collecting more data about you from third-party providers to tailor your experience and messages we send you
here
or by emailing privacy@canva.com. Summary: You can opt out of receiving Canva promotions based on information we learn about you from third parties, for example, your job title and employer.
(d) Managing how Canva analyzes your data for analytics and machine learning You can
manage
your preferences relating to how Canva and the third party service providers we engage to enable functionality within the Service, may use your data for training AI, including through the use of machine learning technologies. Please visit this
page
for further information. Summary: You have control over whether Canva analyzes your data to build and improve AI features. (e) Rights in respect of your Information The laws of some countries grant particular rights in respect of personal information. Individuals in certain countries, including the European Union, United Kingdom, and Brazil have the right to: Request access to their information; Request that we correct inaccuracies in their information; Request that their information be deleted or that we restrict access to it; Request a structured electronic version of their information; and Object to our use of their information. Should you wish to make a request in respect of your personal information please contact us at
privacy@canva.com . You also have the right to object to our processing of personal data about you in for marketing purposes and we will stop processing data for that purpose. In some circumstances Canva will not be able to comply with your request regarding your personal data. If we are unable to remove any of your information, we will explain why. For example, we may not be able to provide a copy of your information where it infringes on the rights of another user. In some cases, you may have shared your information with third parties, such as by publishing a design on a third party’s website. In that case Canva will not be able to delete the information, and you will need to contact that third party directly. If we are unable to resolve your request, or if you are concerned about a potential violation, you also have the option to report the issue or make a complaint to the data protection authority in your jurisdiction. Where you have provided your consent to certain processing and no longer want us to use your information for that purpose, you may withdraw your consent to this use, although this will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Please see paragraph
“You control your account information and settings”
for more options on how to opt-out of marketing communications. Summary: You may have specific rights in relation to your information depending on where you live. Canva provides you with a number of controls in Your Account settings and you can access your privacy rights by emailing
privacy@canva.com .
8. How long we keep your information Following termination or deactivation of your user account, Canva will retain your profile information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time, and for as long as we have a valid purpose to do so. In particular, Canva will retain your information for the purpose of complying with its legal and audit obligations, and for backup and archival purposes. Summary: We retain your profile information and user content for the purpose of providing our Service to you and to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. 9. Canva for Education In this policy, a child is considered a person under the age of 13 years old (or the minimum legal age in the child’s country to be able to provide lawful consent to the processing of their personal data where the age is higher than 13 years old). The Service and our content are not directed at children. Children are not permitted to sign up by themselves for the Service. Other than as part of Canva for Education (set out below), Canva does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child without verification of parental consent where this is required, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us at
privacy@canva.com . Canva for Education:
Children who are students may use our
Canva for Education
service under the supervision of their teacher.
For the purposes of the Canva for Education product, a “Student” means an individual enrolled in a K-12 school (or primary or secondary school for countries who do not use the K-12 designation) invited to use Canva for Education by a Teacher or administrator. Canva's collection of student data is authorized by participating teachers and/or educational institutions obtaining parental consent or providing consent on behalf of the parent, if applicable, or as a proxy for the parent in certain circumstances. We will share student data with our third party service providers who have security, privacy, and data retention policies consistent with our policies and solely to the extent necessary for them to perform a business or technology support function for us. This may include data processing, account management or providing us with usage analytics. Canva does not sell student data. The following third party service providers will process student data for the sole purpose of delivering the Canva for Education service. If a school deletes their Canva for Education account, or requests the deletion of personally identifiable information associated with a student’s account, Canva will direct these services to delete any such information they hold: Provider (Purpose) Amazon Web Services (data storage, service emails) Amplitude (Analysis of aggregated user behaviour data) Atlassian (user support) Ada (chatbot for user support) Appbot (user support) Braze (email communications) Canva Solutions, Inc. (user support) Concentrix (user support) Elastic (data logging) Jira (user support) Loggly (logging) Looker (Analysis of aggregated user behaviour data) Mode (Analysis of aggregated user behaviour data) MongoDB (Atlas) (data storage) Sentry (error monitoring) SheerID (teacher verification) Slack (platform support) Snowflake (data storage) Zendesk (user support) OpenAI (Canva AI products, only when enabled by the authorized school) Annually, at or around the end of the school year, if a student account has not been logged into by a student for more than 12 months, we will send an email to the email address associated with that account to notify the student that their account will be deleted unless they log into such account. If the student does not log in to their account within 3 months following the receipt of that email, we will delete that account. Upon termination of a school’s Canva for Education account, we will delete all student accounts associated with that school. Educational institutions will have direct control of student data at all times. If a school wishes to inspect, review, amend or delete data we have collected from a student, they may submit an authorised request to
privacy@canva.com
or to any of the contact details provided in section 15 below. Such a request must come from the email address that owns or is the Team Owner of the Canva for Education account. To protect children’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify the school’s identity before granting access to any personal information. If you are part of a Canva for Education Team, whether this is at a classroom or school level (“ School Team ”), the educational institution your Team is employed by or part of (“ District Team ”), may request to add your School Team to its District Team. Such a request must come from the email address that owns or is the Team Owner of the District. To protect children’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify the district's identity and relationship to the School Team before granting access to any personal information. If your Team is added to a District Team, then any information or content that you created in the School Team or activity you have taken within the School may be shared with the Team Owner of the District. If requested by the Team Owner of the District, Canva may re-assign ownership of any User Content you post in the School Team to District Team. You should ensure that any personal information, intellectual property or confidential information that you’d like to maintain ownership over is retained or moved to a separate personal account with an email address not issued by your employer. Canva and its service providers may communicate directly with students for technical support purposes where requested by the student or their teacher. Canva may also send emails in relation to product changes, privacy changes and other service-related emails to students and teachers. Students may use Canva Sites (as defined in our
Terms of Use ) if the functionality is enabled by their teacher, school or school district. These will not be indexed by search engines by default, meaning that they cannot be found by Google or another browser search and could only be accessed by people with the specific link. However, this default can be switched off by teachers so that the sites are indexed by search engines. All designs in a Canva for Education account are private by default so that only people specifically added to the design can access it. A student may make their design public so that anyone with the link can access, view or edit it. But it will only be accessible to anonymous, non-logged in users if a teacher turns on anonymous collaboration (which is switched off by default). This might occur to facilitate collaboration with students that are not registered with Canva or have forgotten their password. This will allow them to view or edit a design. (U.S. only): Canva for Education has been certified compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) by
iKeepSafe . Teachers and parents may contact us on +1 855 228 9195 (toll free) with inquiries concerning our Privacy Policy and use of children’s information. Summary: We’ve created a safe space for children, who are supervised by teachers, to use Canva. Our main Service at canva.com is not intended for children.
10. Links to other websites and services We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you acknowledge that we are not responsible for and we do not exercise control over any third parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook) and you allow such a third party access to your User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Service. Summary: If we post a link to a third party website on Canva, we can’t control what happens on the other end. The same applies if you let another site use your data on Canva; the use of your information will be governed by the Privacy Policy of the third party. 11. Additional information for users in Europe This section of the policy applies to Canva users that are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or United Kingdom (UK). Canva processes your personal data in accordance with European laws and regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR). (a) Controller's details For the purposes of the GDPR and UK GDPR, Canva Pty Ltd is the controller of your personal data. Canva Pty Ltd’s registered address is at 110 Kippax St, Surry Hills, NSW, Australia 2010, and we can be contacted using the details provided in section 15 below. “How to contact us” heading. In certain circumstances, we process personal data as a processor on behalf of our customer. Canva’s
Terms of Use
set out the circumstances where Canva processes personal data as a processor. In these cases, it is the Canva customer that is responsible for the processing of your personal data and Canva’s processing will be governed by the terms of the
Data Processing Addendum
it has entered with the customer. If you have questions or concerns about how your personal data is handled by one of our customers, you should contact the relevant customer that is using our Service and refer to their separate privacy policies.
(b) Legal bases for processing If you are located in the EEA, Switzerland or UK, we need a lawful basis to collect, use and disclose your personal data as a controller. Our lawful basis will depend on the information concerned and the context in which it is processed.
Generally, Canva will collect and use your information as follows: Contractual necessity: We need it to provide the Service to you and fulfil our obligations to you under our
Terms of Use . For example, this includes creating and maintaining your account, resolving issues you may experience with the Service, obtaining payment for our Services and providing you with access to your designs. Legitimate interests: It is necessary for our legitimate interests for example, providing a useful and customized Service, sending you relevant marketing messages, displaying advertising and tracking its effectiveness, using information we collect about you (like your spending, platform usage, occupation and employer) so that we can make more informed predictions, decisions and offers for our users, helping users connect with team members and their employer's subscription on Canva and enhancing our Service via research and development, data analytics, data labelling, machine learning and predictive analytics relating to your usage data. We do not rely on this lawful basis where our legitimate interests are overridden by your rights and interests. Consent: You consent to us, and our third party partners, using your information in a certain way – for example, to hear about new features or offers, and for machine learning and predictive analysis relating to your User Content. Legal obligations: It is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations – for example, to disclose your information in response to law enforcement requests and to retain your information for our record keeping purposes. If you consented to our use of your information, you can withdraw that consent at any time. Depending on the situation you can either withdraw your consent by emailing
privacy@canva.com , or through your
account settings page . Where we use your information for our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to that use by contacting
privacy@canva.com . However, if you do, it may diminish the quality of the Service you receive or prevent you from using the Service. (c) Cross-border transfers of information By signing up, you understand and agree that Canva Pty Ltd (an entity in Australia) will receive and process your personal data. We may transfer your personal data to other countries where our affiliates and service providers are located. Please note that some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). For Canva users in the EEA, Switzerland or UK, where we transfer your information to a third-party service provider that is not located in Europe, and is not in a country that benefits from an adequacy decision by the European Commission, UK or Swiss authorities, we will require those third party providers to enter into an agreement that provides appropriate safeguards for your information, including by using the EU Model Clauses and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum. Summary: If you are accessing our Service from Europe, Canva Pty Ltd is the controller of your personal data. In some cases, though, we may only be processing your information on behalf of a Team as a processor. We only process your data if we have a lawful basis. We may transfer your information outside of Europe subject to appropriate safeguards. 12. Additional information for users in the United States This section of the policy applies to Canva users that are located in the United States. In certain U.S. states, Canva users have additional rights afforded to them under applicable state privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. (a) Categories of personal information collected by Canva For more details about the personal information Canva has collected in the past year, please see section 1 “Information we collect”. For details on how we use that information, who we share it with, and how long we keep it, please see section 2 “How we use your information”, section 3 “Sharing your information”, and section 8 “How long we keep your information.” (b) Rights in respect of your personal information These state privacy laws give resident users various rights with respect to the personal information we collect, including the right to (subject to applicable law and certain limitations): Request access to the personal information Canva has collected about you; Request that Canva delete your personal information; Request that Canva correct inaccurate personal information; Opt out from the "sale" of your personal information; Opt out of the "sharing" of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising; Appeal decisions where we deny your rights request. (c) Exercising your rights You may make a request by contacting us at privacy@canva.com. We will authenticate your request using the email address associated with your Canva account and if necessary, proof of residency.
Depending on applicable state law, you may also appeal a refusal to take action on a request by contacting us at privacy@canva.com. You may opt out of the “selling or sharing” of your personal information, which may include us sharing your information with third party advertising partners as described in section 4 "Advertising" or providing your employer with information confirming whether or not you use Canva using their email domain, as described in section 3(d) "Your employer". You can opt out by following the instructions on the “Do not sell or share my personal information” banner, or by emailing privacy@canva.com. Canva for Education:
We do not sell or share personal information of students using Canva for Education. Summary: Certain U.S. state laws give resident users certain rights with respect to their personal information 13. Changes to this Policy We may update this policy from time to time to reflect our current practice and ensure compliance with applicable laws. When we post changes to this policy, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy. If we make any material changes to the way we collect, use, store and/or share your personal information, we will notify you on our website or by sending an email to the email address associated with your Canva account. We recommend that you check this page from time to time to inform yourself of any changes. Children using Canva for Education:
If we make any material changes to the way we collect, use, store and/or share personal information about children using Canva for Education, we will notify students and their teachers or educational institution of the updated privacy policy by email and/or notification on the Service. Summary: We won’t make any major changes to our Privacy Policy without giving notice – but it’s still a good idea to visit this page every now and then. 14. How to contact us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, or wish to make a complaint please contact us at: Email: privacy@canva.com Write: Head of Privacy Canva Pty Ltd 110 Kippax St Surry Hills NSW 2010 Australia Our local representative in the EEA is European Data Protection Office (EDPO) with registered address at Regus Block 1, Blanchardstown Corporate Park, Ballycoolen Road, Blanchardstown, Dublin, D15 AKK1, Ireland. Our local representative in the United Kingdom is European Data Protection Office UK (EDPO UK) with registered address at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom. The EDPO and EDPO UK can both be contacted at privacy@edpo.com. If you are in the EEA, data subject request forms can be accessed at http://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/. If you are in the UK, data subject request forms can be accessed at https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request/. Summary: Your privacy is important to us and we are happy to answer any questions you may have. Other policies AI Product Terms Terms of Use Contributor Agreement Canva's Content License Agreement Canva for Teams Subscription Service Agreement Acceptable Use Policy Data Processing Addendum Canva for Education Additional Terms Cookies Policy Resources Links Features Curved text generator Photo effects Image enhancer Add frames to photos Add text to photos Online video recorder Video trimmer Convert videos to MP4 See more features Explore Design ideas Custom prints Font pairing Colors Color wheel Color palette generator Blog Apps Template directory Community Online communities Creators Canva Represents Fund Developers Partnerships Affiliates program Download iOS Android Windows Mac Company About Newsroom Careers Sustainability Trust Center Security Terms and Privacy Contact Sales English (US) English (US) Deutsch (Deutschland) Español (España) Français (France) Português (Portugal) Русский (Россия) 简体中文 (中国) 한국어 (한국) © 2023 All Rights Reserved, Canva ® Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Resources Links Features Curved text generator Photo effects Image enhancer Add frames to photos Add text to photos Online video recorder Video trimmer Convert videos to MP4 See more features Explore Design ideas Custom prints Font pairing Colors Color wheel Color palette generator Blog Apps Template directory Community Online communities Creators Canva Represents Fund Developers Partnerships Affiliates program Download iOS Android Windows Mac Company About Newsroom Careers Sustainability Trust Center Security Terms and Privacy Contact Sales English (US) English (US) Deutsch (Deutschland) Español (España) Français (France) Português (Portugal) Русский (Россия) 简体中文 (中国) 한국어 (한국) © 2023 All Rights Reserved, Canva ® Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram