Privacy Policy | FOX Sports
Home
Scores
Watch
Odds
Super 6
Stories
Search
Sign In
Account
SPORTS & TEAMS
PLAYERS
SHOWS
PERSONALITIES
SPORTS
SPORTS & TEAMS PLAYERS SHOWS PERSONALITIES
SPORTS
NFL
NCAA FB
MLB
NBA
NCAA BK
NASCAR
Soccer
USFL
NHL
Golf
World Baseball Classic
Premier Boxing Champions
WWE
UFC
WNBA
NCAAW BK
Tennis
Motor Sports
Professional Bowlers Association
Horse Racing
Westminster Kennel Club
FIBA
Olympics
SHOWS
Undisputed
TOMORROW | 6:00 AM
on
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
TOMORROW | 12:00 PM
on
The Carton Show
TOMORROW | 7:00 AM
on
First Things First
TOMORROW | 3:00 PM
on
Speak
The NFL on FOX Podcast
The Joel Klatt Show
TOMORROW | 2:00 AM
on
Flippin' Bats with Ben Verlander
Bear Bets: A FOX Sports Gambling Show
The Skip Bayless Show
FOX NFL Sunday
Alexi Lalas' State of the Union
What's Wright? With Nick Wright
The Number One College Football Show
Big Noon Kickoff
FOX NFL Kickoff
FOX Sports Films
WWE Friday Night SmackDown
FRIDAYS AT 8/7C
on
NASCAR Race Hub
TOMORROW | 6:00 PM
on
Out of Character with Ryan Satin
TOM RINALDI PRESENTS: WESLEY
NASCAR #HotPass
Draw for the FIFA Women's World Cup Australia & New Zealand 2023
FIFA Women's World Cup - Top Moments
FIFA Women's World Cup - Top Players
FIFA Women's World Cup - Team Previews
FIFA Women's World Cup - Goals
FIFA Women's World Cup - Game Recaps
FIFA Women's World Cup - Best Goals from Every Angle
FIFA Women's World Cup - Top Saves
FIFA Women's World Cup - My Journey
PERSONALITIES
Colin Cowherd
Skip Bayless
Alexi Lalas
Derek Jeter
Emmanuel Acho
Nick Wright
Craig Carton
Michael Irvin
Keyshawn Johnson
Richard Sherman
Chris Broussard
Ben Verlander
LeSean McCoy
Bucky Brooks
Mark Ingram II
Chris Fallica
David Jacoby
David Helman
Ric Bucher
Rob Friedman
Laken
Litman
Melissa Rohlin
Joel Klatt
Ryan Satin
Jason McIntyre
Greg Olsen
Charles Woodson
Landon Donovan
Michael DeCourcy
Ralph Vacchiano
Henry Mckenna
Bob Pockrass
Carmen Vitali
Andy Katz
RJ Young
Martin Rogers
Chad Ochocinco
Rowan Kavner
Sam Panayotovich
Jordan Shusterman
Patrick Everson
Mark Sanchez
Yaron Weitzman
Geoff Schwartz
Gus Johnson
Eric D. Williams
Doug McIntyre
Greg Auman
Ben Arthur
John Fanta
Deesha Thosar
Rob Rang
Rob Stone
Jake Mintz
Michael Vick
Erin Andrews
Matt Leinart
Bryan Fischer
Kelly Smith
Mike Pereira
Dean Blandino
Jay Glazer
Ken Rosenthal
Michael Cohen
Charissa Thompson
Tom Rinaldi
Peter Schrager
Terry Bradshaw
Alex Rodriguez
Joy Taylor
Kevin Wildes
Clint Bowyer
Michael Strahan
Eniola Aluko
Shannon Spake
Jimmy Johnson
Stu Holden
Adam Amin
Dontrelle Willis
Jamie Little
Kevin Burkhardt
John Smoltz
Pam Oliver
Bruce Feldman
Michael Waltrip
Howie Long
Jenny Taft
Curt Menefee
Mark Schlereth
Mike Joy
Tim Brando
Jim Jackson
Chris Myers
Regan Smith
Lindsay Czarniak
Maurice Edu
Jennifer Hale
Tom Verducci
Larry McReynolds
Kaitlyn Vincie
Bill Raftery
Daryl Johnston
Kristina Pink
Johnny Strong
Alex Curry
Donny Marshall
Dave Wannstedt
Cobi Jones
Laura Okmin
JP Dellacamera
Adam Alexander
Aly Wagner
Heather O'Reilly
Lisa Byington
Danielle Slaton
Katie Witham
Kyndra de St. Aubin
A.J. Pierzynski
Vince Welch
Dr. Joe Machnik
Bobby Labonte
Spencer Tillman
Kenny Albert
Jonathan Vilma
Greg Jennings
Todd Bodine
Urban Meyer
Warren Barton
Joe Davis
Brady Quinn
David Ortiz
NFL
NFL
NFL
Arizona Cardinals
Atlanta Falcons
Baltimore Ravens
Buffalo Bills
Carolina Panthers
Chicago Bears
Cincinnati Bengals
Cleveland Browns
Dallas Cowboys
Denver Broncos
Detroit Lions
Green Bay Packers
Houston Texans
Indianapolis Colts
Jacksonville Jaguars
Kansas City Chiefs
Las Vegas Raiders
Los Angeles Chargers
Los Angeles Rams
Miami Dolphins
Minnesota Vikings
New England Patriots
New Orleans Saints
New York Giants
New York Jets
Philadelphia Eagles
Pittsburgh Steelers
San Francisco 49ers
Seattle Seahawks
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Tennessee Titans
Washington Commanders
NCAA FB
NCAA FB
NCAA FB
AAC
ACC
BSOVC
Big 12
Big Sky
Big Ten
C-USA
CAA
Ind-FBS
Ivy
MAC
MEAC
MVC
MW
NEC
Pac-12
Patriot
Pioneer
SEC
SW Ath
Southern
Southlnd
Sun Belt
UAC
MLB
MLB
MLB
Arizona Diamondbacks
Atlanta Braves
Baltimore Orioles
Boston Red Sox
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Cincinnati Reds
Cleveland Guardians
Colorado Rockies
Detroit Tigers
Houston Astros
Kansas City Royals
Los Angeles Angels
Los Angeles Dodgers
Miami Marlins
Milwaukee Brewers
Minnesota Twins
New York Mets
New York Yankees
Oakland Athletics
Philadelphia Phillies
Pittsburgh Pirates
San Diego Padres
San Francisco Giants
Seattle Mariners
St. Louis Cardinals
Tampa Bay Rays
Texas Rangers
Toronto Blue Jays
Washington Nationals
NBA
NBA
NBA
Atlanta Hawks
Boston Celtics
Brooklyn Nets
Charlotte Hornets
Chicago Bulls
Cleveland Cavaliers
Dallas Mavericks
Denver Nuggets
Detroit Pistons
Golden State Warriors
Houston Rockets
Indiana Pacers
LA Clippers
Los Angeles Lakers
Memphis Grizzlies
Miami Heat
Milwaukee Bucks
Minnesota Timberwolves
New Orleans Pelicans
New York Knicks
Oklahoma City Thunder
Orlando Magic
Philadelphia 76ers
Phoenix Suns
Portland Trail Blazers
Sacramento Kings
San Antonio Spurs
Toronto Raptors
Utah Jazz
Washington Wizards
NCAA BK
NCAA BK
NCAA BK
A 10
A-Sun
AAC
ACC
Am. East
Big 12
Big East
Big Sky
Big South
Big Ten
Big West
C-USA
CAA
DI-IND
Horizon
Ivy
MAA
MAC
MEastern
MVC
MWC
NEC
OVC
Pac-12
Patriot
SEC
SLC
SWAC
Southern
Summit
Sun Belt
WAC
WCC
NASCAR
NASCAR
NASCAR Cup Series
NASCAR Xfinity Series
NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series
SOCCER
SOCCER
EPL
MLS
ARG Prim
Aust AL
Aust Bund
Brasil A
Bundesliga
CAN Champ
CAN PL
Chilean PD
Colombian PA
Cymru Premier
Danish 1. Div
Danish Superliga
ENG Champ
ENG L1
ENG L2
Eredivisie
Greek SL
Irish PD
Israeli PL
J1 League
Jupiler
La Liga
Liga MX
Liga Pro
Ligue 1
MLS Next Pro
NOR Eliteserien
NOR FD
NWSL
Paraguayan PD
Peruvian PD
Primeira
Russian PL
SPL
SWE Allsvenskan
Saudi Pro League
Serie A
South African FD
South African PD
Swiss SL
Turkish SL
USL
USL Championship
USL One
USL Two
Ukrainian PL
Uru PD
Afr Cup
Algarve Cup
Arab Cup
Argentina Supercopa
Belgian Super Cup
Bundesliga Playoffs
C Nations
C U17 Champ.
C U20 Champ.
C U20 W Champ
C W Champ.
CCL
CONCACAF OLY Qual.
Caribbean Cup
Central American Cup
Conf. Cup
Copa Amér
Copa Amér Fem
Copa Lib.
Copa Maradona
Copa Rey
Copa Sud.
Coppa Italia
Coupe de France
DFB Pokal
Dutch Shield
England Shield
Euro Cup
Euro Qual
Europa
Europa Conf. League
FA Cup
FIFA WC
FIFA WWC
France Trophee
German DFL-Supercup
Gold Cup
Greek Cup
Int'l Champ Cup
Italy Supercoppa
Leagues Cup
Lg Cup
Men's Olympics
Recopa Sudamericana
SA U17 Champ
SheBelieves Cup
Spain Supercopa
U17 WC
U17 WWC
U19 Euro Champ
U19 Euro W Champ
U20 WC
U20 WWC
U21 Euro Champ
UAE Super Cup
UEFA CL
UEFA Nations
UEFA Super Cup
UEFA WCL
US Open Cup
WCQ - AFC
WCQ - CAF
WCQ - CONCACAF
WCQ - CONMEBOL
WCQ - ICPLY
WCQ - OFC
WCQ - UEFA
Women's EURO
Women's Olympics
World Cup
Friendly
USWNT-Frnd
USFL
USFL
USFL
Birmingham Stallions
Houston Gamblers
Memphis Showboats
Michigan Panthers
New Jersey Generals
New Orleans Breakers
Philadelphia Stars
Pittsburgh Maulers
NHL
NHL
NHL
Anaheim Ducks
Arizona Coyotes
Boston Bruins
Buffalo Sabres
Calgary Flames
Carolina Hurricanes
Chicago Blackhawks
Colorado Avalanche
Columbus Blue Jackets
Dallas Stars
Detroit Red Wings
Edmonton Oilers
Florida Panthers
Los Angeles Kings
Minnesota Wild
Montreal Canadiens
Nashville Predators
New Jersey Devils
New York Islanders
New York Rangers
Ottawa Senators
Philadelphia Flyers
Pittsburgh Penguins
San Jose Sharks
Seattle Kraken
St. Louis Blues
Tampa Bay Lightning
Toronto Maple Leafs
Vancouver Canucks
Vegas Golden Knights
Washington Capitals
Winnipeg Jets
GOLF
GOLF
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Champions Tour
Korn Ferry Tour
DP World Tour
World Baseball Classic
World Baseball Classic
World Baseball Classic
Australia
Canada
China
Chinese Taipei
Colombia
Cuba
Czech Republic
Dominican Republic
Great Britain
Israel
Italy
Japan
Mexico
Netherlands
Nicaragua
Panama
Puerto Rico
Republic of Korea
USA
Venezuela
WNBA
WNBA
WNBA
Atlanta Dream
Chicago Sky
Connecticut Sun
Dallas Wings
Indiana Fever
Las Vegas Aces
Los Angeles Sparks
Minnesota Lynx
New York Liberty
Phoenix Mercury
Seattle Storm
Washington Mystics
NCAAW BK
NCAAW BK
NCAAW BK
A 10
A-Sun
AAC
ACC
Am. East
Big 12
Big East
Big Sky
Big South
Big Ten
Big West
C-USA
CAA
Horizon
IND
Ivy
MAA
MAC
MEastern
MVC
MWC
NEC
OVC
Pac-12
Patriot
SEC
SLC
SWAC
Southern
Summit
Sun Belt
WAC
WCC
Tennis
Tennis
ATP
WTA
MOTOR SPORTS
MOTOR SPORTS
Formula 1
IndyCar Series
MotoGP
National Hot Rod Association
ARCA Racing
OLYMPICS
OLYMPICS
Summer Olympics
Winter Olympics
Privacy Policy
Last Updated/Effective Date: August 22, 2023 Table of Contents: SCOPE AND APPLICATION :  What and who this Policy covers COLLECTION OF INFORMATION:   The sources of and methods by which we, our service providers, and our advertisers collect information from and about you, including information about your interaction with the FSIM Services USE AND DISCLOSURE :  How we use the information we collect from and about you, and who we might share it with and why SECURITY :  How we protect your information from loss or misuse USER ACCESS AND CONTROL :  How you can access and control the information we maintain about you OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION :  Other things you should know about this Policy and how we handle your information CONTACT US :  How to contact FSIM about this Policy CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE :  Other things you should know if you reside in California FOR CONSUMERS IN VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT AND OTHER U.S. STATES WITH SIMILAR PRIVACY LAWS :  Other things you should know if you are a consumer residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other states with similar privacy laws 1. SCOPE AND APPLICATION Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC ("FSIM" or "we") wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you.  This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites, mobile sites, applications ("apps"), and widgets (collectively, the "FSIM Services"). California residents, please see the California Consumer Privacy Act Notice in Section 8 below.  Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and states with other similar privacy laws, please see Section 9 below.   By using FSIM Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.  A list of our affiliated companies ("FSIM Affiliates") is available at  www.foxcorporation.com . As set forth in our Terms of Use ( https://www.foxsports.com/terms-of-use ), the FSIM Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.  This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the FSIM Services without being registered with or subscribing to a FSIM Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a FSIM Service.  This Privacy Policy applies to FSIM’s collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address).  It also describes generally FSIM’s practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests, demographics and services usage).  2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION Depending on your interactions with us, FSIM and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you:  Registration Information
is the information you submit to register for a FSIM Service, for example, to create an account, post comments, receive a newsletter, or enter a contest, sweepstakes or game.  Registration Information may also include, for example, name, email address, gender, zip code, favorites, entry name, and birthday.  Customer Service and Feedback Information  is the information you submit to request customer support or to provide feedback about FSIM Services, such as name, email address, telephone number, city, and state. Public Information and Posts
consist of comments or content that you post to the FSIM Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user name/entry name, comments, likes, status, profile information and picture.  Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.    Authenticated Content Access.
To access certain video content via the FSIM Services, you will be redirected to your television content provider’s registration page where you will be required to sign in using your television content provider account. Please contact your television content provider directly with questions concerning your account, including how to access, update and manage your personal account information. Activity Information.   When you access and interact with the FSIM Services, FSIM and its service providers may collect certain information about those visits.  For example, in order to permit your connection to the FSIM Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information.  If you access the FSIM Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data (including your precise location), or other transactional information for that device.   Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, local storage, and other mechanisms) use various approaches to collect and store data.  Some of these technologies store data in the browser or on your device. Other technologies may use network-related or other information to recognize your device (e.g., IP address).   FSIM’s websites, apps and other services use these technologies, for example, when you first request a web page and data is then stored on your computer or other device so the website or app can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service.  These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the FSIM Services, such as pages you have visited, search history, and the video and other content you have viewed.  Other parties that support the FSIM Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate FSIM Services usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information when you use the FSIM Services or other parties’ services.  Those parties may also use these technologies, along with activity information they collect, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile device and a laptop or other computer.  FSIM does not control these technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of parties using such technologies.  For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, including your choices with respect to them, see the section entitled "To deliver relevant advertisements," below.    Your browser may be initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, and to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information, including on how to clear data from local storage and, depending on your browser, how to turn off other data collection by the browser.  For more information about Google Analytics, please review the site "How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services," located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . To opt out of Google Analytics specifically, please go to   https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the FSIM Services. The FSIM Services that enable you to view FSIM video content may feature Nielsen’s proprietary measurement software which will allow you to contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV Ratings. The information is collected directly by Nielsen’s software within the applicable FSIM Service. FSIM makes no representation or warranty to you regarding the Nielsen software.  To learn more about Nielsen’s digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them, including how to opt-out, please visit
https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement/digital-measurement/ . Information from Other Sources.
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information about your online and offline activity from social media services, advertising technology companies, advertisers, commercially available sources, and information from our FSIM Affiliates or business partners.   Depending on your interactions with us, FSIM may not have collected information from you for each of the categories above. ‘Do Not Track’.
At this time we do not respond to the 'Do Not Track' signal, as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how the signal should be interpreted. 3. USE AND DISCLOSURE We may use and disclose some or all of the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes: To provide the FSIM Services . We use information we collect from and about you to provide the FSIM Services. This may include:
to measure, maintain and improve those FSIM Services and features and to develop new products and services, including conducting research and quality and safety assurance measures;
to improve your experience with both online and off-line FSIM Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages;
to perform identity verification;
to allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests, other promotions, or rewards programs;
to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries;
to make inferences and predictions about your potential areas of interest in order to provide you with content and advertising that is more interesting, personalized, and relevant to you;
to maintain our facilities and infrastructure;
to comply with internal policies, including accounting, audit, and other internal functions; and
to maintain records, and conduct risk and security controls and monitoring.
To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services.   Information we collect from and about you may be made available to certain service providers, such as contractors, analytics and other measurement companies, and agents or sponsors, who help us analyze and understand your use of the FSIM Services, and manage and/or provide the FSIM Services.    To deliver video content.  In the ordinary course of our business, we may share information that we collect from or about you with other parties in order to process your requests and fulfill your orders for video content offered through the FSIM Services, including, to provide you with access to localized content and provide video content recommendations. For example, to process your request to view certain authenticated video content through the FSIM Services, we may share information that we collect from and about you with your designated television content provider and/or our service providers in order to authenticate and/or authorize you to view authenticated and/or localized video content through the FSIM Services. To provide co-branded services and features.
We may offer co-branded services or features, such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions together with other companies ("Co-Branded Services").  These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on FSIM Services or on that other party’s service.  By virtue of these relationships, we may share information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with that party.  That other party’s use of your information will be governed by its privacy policy.  To provide leaderboards.  We may include certain information about your participation in certain online games on public leaderboards, including, for example, your entry name, ranking, and game picks. To deliver relevant advertisements.
FSIM and our service providers may use information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy to deliver and measure relevant, more personalized ads to you when you use the FSIM Services or another service (on any of your devices).  As noted above, advertising technology companies and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and information about the different devices and/or browsers you use and your activity on such devices and browsers, to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests.  To find out more about advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see
https://youradchoices.com/ .  If you wish to opt out of tailored advertising in desktop and mobile browsers, please visit   http://optout.aboutads.info/#/
or   http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#
on each of your devices and browsers.  To opt out in mobile apps, you may use your device’s setting to opt out of ads personalization or similar settings or download and use the AppChoices app at  https://youradchoices.com/appchoices . To opt out on connected TVs, please use the  setting "opt out of ads personalization,"  "Interest-based Ads," or equivalent settings on your device.  Please note that opting-out does not mean that you will stop seeing all ads.   To contact you.   FSIM may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the FSIM Services.  If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can change your FSIM account setting or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.  There are certain service notifications and other non-promotional emails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the FSIM Services or policies.  If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app. To share with our FSIM Affiliates . FSIM may share information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy with FSIM Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  A link to a website that lists FSIM Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy. Users who visit FSIM Affiliates’ services should still refer to their separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.  To share with business partners .
FSIM may share information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices.  To protect the rights of FSIM and others.
There may be instances when FSIM may use or disclose information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy, including situations where FSIM has a good faith belief that such use or disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of FSIM, our FSIM Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the FSIM Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.   To complete a merger or sale of assets or other corporate transaction.  If FSIM sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in an acquisition, reorganization, merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings), or other corporate transaction, FSIM may transfer or disclose information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. Depending on your interactions with us, FSIM may not have collected, used or disclosed information from or about you in each of the categories above, and to the extent that FSIM has disclosed information from or about you, it may not include all of the information that we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that when the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with other parties, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 4. SECURITY FSIM uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures designed to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification.  However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information.   5. USER ACCESS AND CONTROL If you would like to access personal information we hold about you, delete or correct personal information you have previously provided directly to us, please visit  https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_Sports
and submit a request.  Please note that, for security reasons, we will ask you to verify your identity in order to proceed with your request.  If you would like to suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information, you may contact us using the mechanisms provided below.  In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to suppress or limit.  We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law.  Please note that, subject to applicable law, in some cases we may not comply with your request where we may require your information in order to comply with applicable law, or to protect, enforce or defend our rights or employee rights, or those of a FSIM Affiliate. If you are a resident of California, please see the section entitled "California Consumer Privacy Act Notice," below, for more information about the rights you have under California law.  If you are a consumer in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other state with similar privacy laws,  please see the section entitled "For Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and Other U.S. States with Similar Privacy Laws," below, for more information about your rights under Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other similar laws. If you are under 18 and a registered user of the FSIM services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the FSIM Services by visiting
https://help.fox.com/fox/s/support-form , selecting Fox Sports under "Choose Brand," and submitting a ticket with "Privacy & Security" as the topic that best describes your issue.  Please provide your email address in the designated space and your full name and specific Fox Sports Service you have signed up for in the "Description" field. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with FSIM Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by visiting  https://help.fox.com/fox/s/support-form , selecting Fox Sports under "Choose Brand," and submitting a ticket with "Privacy & Security" as the topic that best describes your issue.  Please provide your email address in the designated space and your full name and, if you like, you may also provide the specific Fox Sports Service you have signed up for in the "Description" field.  We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law.  6. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION Updates to Privacy Policy.
FSIM may modify this Privacy Policy.  Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the FSIM Services.  Location of Data.
The FSIM Services are hosted in and managed from the United States.  If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States or in any other country in which we have facilities or in which we engage service providers.  The United States and other countries’ data protection laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction.  In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in the United States may be entitled to access your personal information.   Linked Services.
The FSIM Services may be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies.  FSIM is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies, and once you leave the FSIM Services or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service.    In addition, FSIM is not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of other organizations, such as Meta, Instagram, Twitter, Apple, Google, Microsoft or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including in connection with any information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the FSIM Services. Data Retention.   We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.  Remember that even after you cancel your account, or if you ask us to delete your personal information, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with social media or other services.  Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancellation or your request for deletion, for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security or recordkeeping policies. It may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints or contractual, financial or legal requirements.  Deidentified Information . To the extent we process "deidentified" personal information, as defined under applicable law, we will maintain and use that information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information except as permitted by applicable law. 7. CONTACT US If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please visit  https://help.fox.com/fox/s/support-form , select Fox Sports under "Choose Brand," and submit a ticket with "Privacy & Security" as the topic that best describes your issue.  Please provide your email address in the designated space and your full name and specific Fox Sports Service your question pertains to in the "Description" field.  8. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice Section provides information for California residents in connection with the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA").  California residents who are prospective, current, or former Fox Sports employees; or contractors, emergency contacts, or beneficiaries may visit our workforce-related California privacy notice at   https://www.fox.com/workforce-privacy-notice/ . California residents who are business consumers acting as employees, owners, directors, officers or independent contractors of an entity conducting due diligence or providing or receiving a product or service from Fox Sports ("Business-to-Business Contacts") may visit our B2B privacy notice at  https://privacy.foxsports.com/b2bprivacy-policy . Under the CCPA, and for purposes of this Section, "Personal Information" generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a particular California resident and includes the categories listed below.  This Section 8 provides details about the categories of Personal Information of California residents that we have collected, disclosed, or "sold" or "shared" during the last 12 months, as well as rights California residents have under California law.  Categories of Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, and/or Sold or Shared:  The categories of Personal Information that we have collected, disclosed, and/or "sold" or "shared" are below, along with the categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Information was disclosed, and/or "sold" or "shared."  Please note that we disclose some categories of Personal Information in connection with certain types of advertisements, which could be considered "selling" or "sharing" under the CCPA.  Also, depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, FSIM may not have collected, disclosed, or "sold" or "shared" each (or any) of these categories of Personal Information about each individual.  Additionally, we do not knowingly "sell" or "share" Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Category of Personal Information Collected
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information Is Disclosed
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is "Sold" or "Shared"
Identifiers , such as name, IP address, email address, and online and device identifiers
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies; advertisers; For the purpose of targeted advertising
Personal information , as defined in the California Customer Records law, such as contact and financial information
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies; advertisers; For the purpose of targeted advertising
Characteristics of protected classifications under California law , such as age or gender
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies; advertisers; For the purpose of targeted advertising
Commercial information , such as transaction information and purchase history
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies; advertisers For the purpose of targeted advertising
Internet or network activity information , such as browsing history and interactions with our websites, mobile, or connected TV applications (collectively, "FSIM Digital Properties")
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies; advertisers; For the purpose of targeted advertising
Geolocation data , such as device location
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support operational business purposes
N/A
Audio, electronic, visual and other similar information , such as call recordings
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
N/A
Non-public education information  (e.g., in connection with news or entertainment productions or sports programs)
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
N/A
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above  to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies; advertisers; For the purpose of targeted advertising
Please note that the CCPA definitions of "sale" and "share" do not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving all or any portion of our business. Sources of Personal Information.
We collect Personal Information directly from California residents themselves, as well as from social media platforms (e.g., if the individual has connected a social media account to a FSIM Digital Property); joint marketing, co-branding, co-promotional, or advertising partners, including advertising technology companies and advertisers; FSIM Affiliates; and sources of demographic and other information.  Depending on the individual’s interactions with us, FSIM may not have collected Personal Information from each (or any) of these categories of sources.    Purposes.
We may use Personal Information and/or disclose it to third parties for the following purposes:
to operate, manage, and maintain our business, including in connection with a sale, acquisition, reorganization, merger, transfer of all or a part of our business, or other corporate transaction (e.g., a bankruptcy or similar proceeding);
to provide our products and services;
to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including:
developing, improving, repairing, and maintaining our products and services;
personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services;
conducting research, analytics, and data analysis;
maintaining our facilities and infrastructure;
quality and safety assurance measures;
conducting risk and security controls and monitoring;
detecting and preventing fraud;
performing identity verification;
performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions;
complying with law, legal process, and internal policies;
maintaining records; and
exercising and defending legal claims.
Depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, FSIM may not have used Personal Information collected about that resident for each of these purposes, and to the extent that FSIM has disclosed Personal Information about that resident, it may not include all of the Personal Information collected about that resident. Sensitive Personal Information.
We do not process "sensitive" Personal Information for purposes other than those specified in the CCPA Regulations section 7027(m) (such as to provide the services and for security purposes). Data Retention . We will retain Personal Information from or about you as reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose(s) for which the Personal Information was collected or processed as outlined in this Section 8 unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.  California Rights.
If you are a California consumer, you have the following rights:      (1) Right to Know.  You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you for the applicable time period;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing, or selling Personal Information about you;
The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom we sold that Personal Information; and
The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or disclosed that Personal Information.
To make a request for your Personal Information, please visit  https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_Sports
or call us at 888-596-3929.  You will need to provide your name and email address, along with other details about your request.  You will then receive verification instructions by email.   For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us.  But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request.  In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.  You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Information.  When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us.  In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission).  Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.     (2) Right to Request Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you. To make a request for deletion, please visit  https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_Sports
or call us at 888-596-3929. You will need to provide your name and email address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by email.  For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us.  But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request.  Please note that you also will be asked to separately confirm that you would like to proceed with your deletion request.  In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.  You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion.  When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us.  In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission).  Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.  Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.     (3) Right to Request Correction.   You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information we collected about you. To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Information, please visit
https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_Sports
or call us at 888-596-3929.  You will need to provide your name, email address, and the Personal Information you would like to have corrected, along with other details about your request.  You will then receive verification instructions by email.  For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us.  But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request.  In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Information.  When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us.  In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission).  Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you /for privacy and security reasons.  Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.    (4) Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing.   As noted above in this section, we share some categories of Personal Information in connection with certain types of advertisements.  You can visit our "Your Privacy Choices" Internet Webpage at
privacy.foxsports.com/main/web/main .
You can opt out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Information by clicking on the toggle and hitting the "submit" button at the bottom of the screen.  If you have an account/profile with us, your preference will apply to the device(s) connected to your logged-in account or profile for the FSIM Services.  For mobile and connected TV apps, you may visit "Your Privacy Choices" in Account/Settings for more information and to exercise your choices. If you do not have an account, or choose not to log-in to your account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device.  If you have enabled a global privacy control feature on your device, we process that opt-out preference signal in a frictionless manner.    (5) Right to be Free from Discrimination.
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.      (6) Record Keeping.
Please visit
https://www.foxsports.com/recordkeeping
for metrics regarding the requests FSIM received during the previous calendar year for: Requests to Know, Requests to Delete, and Requests to Opt Out of "Sales." 9. FOR CONSUMERS IN VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, AND OTHER U.S. STATES WITH SIMILAR PRIVACY LAWS Depending on where you live, you may have certain additional rights regarding your personal information.  This section provides information for consumers residing in Virginia, Colorado, or Connecticut, in connection with the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"), the Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA"), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (the "CDPA"), and other states with similar privacy laws.  Under the VCDPA, the CPA and the CDPA, and for purposes of this Section, "Personal Data" generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a particular consumer residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other state with similar privacy laws and includes the categories listed below.  We and our advertising partners use certain Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your interests. This may be considered "selling" under Colorado and Connecticut law and "targeted advertising" under Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut law.  This Section 9 provides details about the categories of Personal Data of consumers in Virginia, Colorado and Connecticut and other states with similar privacy laws that we have collected, disclosed, processed for purposes of targeted advertising, or "sold", as well as rights consumers in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws have under their states’ laws.  Categories of Personal Data Collected, Disclosed, "Sold," or Processed for Targeted Advertising: The categories of Personal Data that we collected, disclosed, processed for purposes of targeted advertising (under the Virginia law) or "sold" (under the Colorado and Connecticut laws) are below, along with the purposes for processing, and categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Data was disclosed or "sold" or processed for the purpose of targeted advertising.  Please note that we process some categories of Personal Data in connection with targeted advertising, which could be considered "selling" under the Colorado and Connecticut laws.  Additionally, depending on the consumer’s interactions with us, FSIM may not have collected, disclosed,  processed for purposes of targeted advertising, or "sold," each (or any) of these categories of Personal Data, for each listed purpose. Additionally, we do not knowingly sell or process Personal Data of children under 13 years of age.
Category of Personal Data Collected/Processed
Purposes for Processing
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data Is Disclosed
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is Sold or Processed for Targeted Advertising
Identifiers , such as name, IP address, email address, and online and device identifiers
To provide the FSIM Services, To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services, To provide leaderboards, To deliver video content, To provide co-branded services and features, To deliver relevant advertisements, To contact you, To share with our FSIM Affiliates, To share with business partners (consistent with your choices)
Service providers (like hosting providers, content delivery networks, email marketing platforms), FSIM Affiliates, and Other partners or providers that support our operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies, Advertisers, Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising, Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Personal Information , such as contact and financial information
To provide the FSIM Services,To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services, To provide co-branded services and features, To contact you, To deliver relevant advertising, To share with our FSIM Affiliates, To share with business partners (consistent with your choices)
Service providers (e.g., that help with order fulfillment, contest or sweepstakes providers), FSIM Affiliates, and Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies, Advertisers, Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising, Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Characteristics of protected classifications , such as age or gender
To provide the FSIM Services, To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services, To deliver relevant advertisements,To share with our FSIM Affiliates
Service providers (like contest or sweepstakes providers), FSIM Affiliates, and Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies, Advertisers, Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Commercial Information , such as transaction information and purchase history
To provide the FSIM Services, To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services, To deliver relevant advertisements, To share with our FSIM Affiliates, To share with business partners (consistent with your choices)
Service providers (e.g., in connection with order fulfillment and payment services), FSIM Affiliates, and Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies, Advertisers, Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising, Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Internet or network activity information , such as browsing history and interactions with our websites, mobile, or connected TV applications (collectively, "FSIM Digital Properties")
To provide the FSIM Services, To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services, To deliver relevant advertisements, To share with our FSIM Affiliates
Service providers (like analytics providers), FSIM Affiliates, and Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes)
Advertising technology companies, Advertisers, Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising, Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Geolocation data , such as device location
To provide the FSIM Services, To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services, To share with our FSIM Affiliates.
Service providers, FSIM Affiliates, and Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
N/A
Audio, electronic, visual and other similar information , such as call recordings
To provide the FSIM Services, To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services, To share with our FSIM Affiliates.
Service providers (e.g., in connection with customer support), FSIM Affiliates, and Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
N/A
Non-public education information  (e.g., in connection with news or entertainment productions or sports programs)
To provide the FSIM Services, To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services, To provide co-branded services and features, To share with our FSIM Affiliates.
Service providers (e.g., in connection with productions), FSIM Affiliates, and Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
N/A
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above  to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
To provide the FSIM Services, To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSIM Services, To deliver relevant advertisements, To share with our FSIM Affiliates.
Service providers (like analytics providers), FSIM Affiliates, and Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes
Advertising technology companies, Advertisers, Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Please note that we may process Personal Data in each of the above categories in order to protect the rights of the FSIM and others, and/or to complete a merger or sale of assets or other corporate transaction. For more details about our purposes for processing, please see the Use and Disclosure section above. Please note that, under Virginia law, the definition of "sale" is the exchange of information for monetary consideration and does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Data as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving of all or any portion of our business.  We do not "sell" Personal Data as defined under Virginia law. As noted above, the definition of "sale" under Colorado and Connecticut laws is different than the definition of that word under Virginia law.  We and our advertising partners use certain Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your interests, which could be considered "selling" under the Colorado and Connecticut laws. The Colorado and Connecticut laws’ definitions of "sale," however, do not include, the transfer of Personal Data as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving all or any portion of our business. Consumer Rights under Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other similar laws.
If you are a consumer in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other state with a similar privacy law, you have the following rights:    (1) Right to Access and Portability.
You have the right to confirm whether we are processing Personal Data concerning you, and to request that we disclose to you the Personal Data we collected from you, including in a portable form.  To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data, or to make a request for your Personal Data, please visit  https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_Sports
or call us at 888-596-3929.  You will need to provide your name and email address, along with other details about your request.  You will then receive verification instructions by email.   For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us.  But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request.  In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.  You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Data.  When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us.  In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission).  Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.    (2) Right to Request Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Data we collected from you or about you. To make a request for deletion, please visit  https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_Sports
or call us at 888-596-3929.  You will need to provide your name and email address, along with other details about your request.  You will then receive verification instructions by email.  For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us.  But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. Please note that you also will be asked to separately confirm that you would like to proceed with your deletion request.  In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.  You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion.  When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us.  In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission).  Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.  Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.     (3) Right to Request Correction.   You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Data we collected about you. To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Data, please visit  https://fcprivacy.exterro.net/portal/dsar.htm?target=Fox_Sports
or call us at 888-596-3929.  You will need to provide your name, email address, and the Personal Data you would like to be corrected, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by email.  For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us.  But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request.  In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.  You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Data.  When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the "Other" option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your email address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us.  In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission).  Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.  Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.    (4) Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising (in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut) and/or "Sale" (in Colorado and Connecticut).   We process and share some categories of Personal Data in connection with targeted advertising.  In Colorado and Connecticut, this processing may be considered a "sale."  You can visit our "Your Privacy Choices" Internet Webpage at
privacy.foxsports.com/main/web/main .
Consumers residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and states with similar privacy laws can opt out of targeted advertising and/or "sale" by clicking on the toggle and hitting the "submit" button at the bottom of the screen.  If you have an account/profile with us, your preference will apply to the device(s) connected to your logged-in account or profile for the FSIM Services. For mobile and connected TV apps, you may visit "Your Privacy Choices" in Account/Settings for more information and to exercise your choices. If you do not have an account, or choose not to log-in to your account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device.  If you have enabled a global privacy control feature on your device, we process preference signals in a frictionless manner.    (5) Right to Appeal .  If we decline to take action in response to  a personal data rights request, consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and states with similar privacy laws may request an appeal, by notifying us through our privacy rights portal by following the instructions provided with the response to the request.    (6) Right to be Free from Discrimination.
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the laws of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and other states with similar privacy laws.
Top Leagues
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
USFL
Top Shows
Undisputed
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Flippin' Bats with Ben Verlander
The Skip Bayless Show
The Carton Show
Affiliated Apps
FOX Sports
USFL
Quick Links
2023 MLB Playoffs
2023 Heisman Watch
2023 NFL Power Rankings
2023 NBA Preseason Schedule
2023 NASCAR Playoffs
Colorado Buffaloes Football
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2023 Fox Media LLC and
Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this
website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your
acceptance of these
Terms of Use and
Privacy Policy |
Advertising Choices |
Your Privacy Choices |
Closed Captioning
Help Press Advertise with Us Jobs FOX Cincy RSS Sitemap
FS1 FOX FOX News Fox Corporation FOX Sports Supports FOX Deportes