Lesmos
Privacy Policy
Effective: 2023/10/25
Your privacy and data security are extremely important to us. We are committed to the responsible
management, protection, and use of your personal information.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) serves to explain what information Lesmos and its
affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “we”, “us”, or “our”) collect, and how we use and protect your
information when you use any mobile applications that we develop and are available for download in the
Google Play Store and Apple App Store.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is
not collected by us in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our apps, in a case of an error in the app we collect data
and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include
information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
configuration of the app when utilizing QR Code Reader, the time and date of your use of the Service, and
other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal
memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and
libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to
either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to
refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services;
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this App that these third parties have access to your Personal Information.
The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from children under 13. In the case We discover that a child under 13 has provided
us with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that We
will be able to take necessary actions.
What Information Do We Share?
As mentioned above, your personal information may be shared with our third-party partners. We may
disclose your personal information to our business partners, including advertisers, publishers, and data
tracking companies. These business partners may use your personal information to show you advertisements,
measure your ad/site interaction, and better understand the site and app traffic usage or user behavior in
order to improve their services. Such partners’ use of the information that we disclose to them will be
governed by their privacy policies.
Third-party Partners’ Privacy Policy
Here we list the links to the third-party partners’ privacy policy. Please note that these policies are
governed by third parties and we have no control over them. Check the following links to get details about
how user data is collected, used and shared.
1. Google Admob & Firebase
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
2. Facebook Audience Network & Facebook Analytics
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
3.AdMob
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
4. AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this
page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
contact@lesmosdev.com