Faxio Privacy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
09.01.2023
Bear Labs LLC ("we," "us" or "our") takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy policy ("Privacy policy") explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we may process when you install and/or use software application for mobile devices (the "App", "our App") and explains how we and some of the companies we cooperate while processing that information.
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any kind relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who access the App ("Users").
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller, unless otherwise stated
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you provide us directly:
We process the following personal information about you when you use the App. This information is necessary for
the adequate performance of the contract between you and us. Without such information it is impossible to provide complete functionality of the App and perform the requested services.
Other Information directly related to your use of the App, such as photos and documents you upload to the App. Upon your consent we also may have access to your camera roll.
Analytics information:
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
Cookies and similar technologies:
When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use Faxio and provide features to you.
We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.
Log file information:
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (ie, visit) a web page or app. It can also be provided when the content of the web page or app is downloaded to your browser or device.
When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.
Device identifiers:
When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Faxio.
A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Payment Information:
Our e-commerce provider (Apple / Google) is responsible for billing, processing and charging for the in-app purchases, handles your personal information and keeps it absolutely safe and secure. We cannot access or use your credit or debit card information. You may access the applicable “in-app” purchase rules and policies directly from the app stores.
3.
THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the following purposes:
To make our service available.
We use functional information and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services.
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App.
We use the information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our App.
To provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We may use the information that is processed automatically for marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based on your preferences). We provide personalized content and information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing.
To communicate with you.
We use the information we have to communicate with you through newsletters, i.e. to send you marketing notifications, receive your feedback about our App experience, and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce the law.
We really want our App to be free of spam and fraudulent content so that you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms of Use.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
4. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Faxio (or the group of companies of which Faxio is a part) without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.
Parties with whom we may share your information:
We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Faxio is part of, or that become part of that group ("Affiliates"). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates' own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences). But these Affiliates will honor the choices you make about who can see your photos.
We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content:
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings that you set. To change your privacy settings on the Service, please change your profile setting. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others.
Subject to your profile and privacy settings, any User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users and subject to use under our Faxio API.
If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the Faxio API have copied or saved that information.
What happens in the event of a change of control:
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Faxio or our assets to another organization (eg, in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
Responding to legal requests and preventing harm:
We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognised standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
V. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER
We work in the cross-border area and provide our App to our Users around the world.
We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data processing that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as in your jurisdiction.
This means that your personal information can be transferred to a third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to the international organization where data protection and confidentiality regulations may not provide the same level of protection of a personal data as your country does.
We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal data provides a proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance with the current legislation on the protection of such information. By using the App, you agree that we may transfer your personal data to any third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to the international organization.
For the purposes of data storage, we recourse to the services of the hosting organizations. We take your privacy seriously and, therefore, encrypt your personal data - if possible - before sending it to the hosting organizations for the purposes of its storage. Please note that we cooperate only with those hosting organizations that have passed our security and reliability check.
5. HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account. However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
6. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
For the data we store and access you are entitled to address us regarding the following issues:
Data Access and Portability.
You can request copies of your personal information held by us.
Change or Correct Data.
Where you cannot update data by yourself through your account, you have the right to ask us to correct, change, update or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion.
We generally retain data for as long as your account is in existence or as needed to provide the App. However, specific retention times can vary based on context of the processing we perform and on our legal obligations. You have the right to ask us to delete all or some of the personal data we hold about you. If you have an account, you can also delete your account at any time. We may need to retain some of your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, or where we have a legitimate interest in doing so (e.g. to prevent fraud and abuse and maintain and enhance security).
Restriction of Processing.
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information.
Please bear in mind that we ensure the above mentioned rights only with respect to the information that you submit.
When your personal information is processed automatically you may object to such processing in some circumstances. Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes. In order to exercise your right please contact the third party services listed in the
HOW TO CONTACT US
section of this Privacy Policy to learn how you can object to processing your data. Most of them have clear instructions on their privacy pages, functional API or other options.
Please note that you can opt-out of marketing tracking by moving the "Limit Ad Tracking" in the settings on your mobile phone to “on”.
US regional patterns:
Residents of the State of California (USA) have the right to request a list of all third parties to whom our App disclosed certain personal information (in accordance with the laws of the State of California) in the previous year for the purposes of direct marketing of such third parties. If you are a resident of the State of California and want to receive such a list, please contact us through the email displayed below. When submitting such a request, please include in the text of your appeal the wording "Your rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of California", as well as your name, address, city, state, and zip code. In the text of your request, please provide us with sufficient information so that we can determine if the above requirements of the law apply to your situation. You must confirm that you are a resident of the State of California (USA) and provide the current address in the state of California for our response. Please note that we do not accept calls by phone, mail or facsimile, nor are we responsible for calls that are flagged or misdelivered or that do not contain exhaustive information.
7. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Storage and Processing:
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Faxio, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities.
Faxio, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from US law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
By using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the US or to any other country in which Faxio, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure. However, Faxio cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Faxio or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Faxio make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
8. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Faxio does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
9. OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk.
10. HOW TO EXERCISE MY RIGHTS
If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you may contact us at any time by emailing us at
support@faxio.app
Mandatory verification: We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. However, because you cannot create an account with the App, and you do not provide us with any information directly, we only collect information automatically, we may use limited verification methods. To verify your identity, we will generally require the matching data in our systems to the information we can process when you are making a request. In certain circumstances, we may decline the request, mainly where we are unable to verify your identity, for example, if you disable cookies, changed the device you used to access the App or you already requested us to delete your personal data.
11. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Faxio may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Faxio or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
12. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via
support@faxio.app