Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Modev Studio built the Wifi Assistant - Net Analyzer app as
a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by
Modev Studio at no cost and is intended for use as
is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my
policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to
the collection and use of information in relation to this
policy. The Personal Information that I collect is
used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with
anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
Wifi Assistant - Net Analyzer unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I
may require you to provide us with certain personally
identifiable information. The information that
I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect
information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used
by the app
Google Play Services AdMob Google Analytics for Firebase Firebase Crashlytics One Signal
Usage of Advertising ID
Usage.
The advertising identifier must only be used for advertising and user analytics. The status of the “Opt out of Interest-based Advertising” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting must be verified on each access of the ID.
Association with personally-identifiable information or other identifiers.
The advertising identifier must not be connected to personally-identifiable information or associated with any persistent device identifier without explicit consent of the user.
Respecting users’ selections.
If reset, a new advertising identifier must not be connected to a previous advertising identifier or data derived from a previous advertising identifier without the explicit consent of the user. Also, you must abide by a user’s “Opt out of Interest-based Advertising” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting. If a user has enabled this setting, you may not use the advertising identifier for creating user profiles for advertising purposes or for targeting users with personalized advertising. Allowed activities include contextual advertising, frequency capping, conversion tracking, reporting and security and fraud detection.
Transparency to users.
The collection and use of the advertising identifier and commitment to these terms must be disclosed to users in a legally adequate privacy notification.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Location:
We use your location to serve you better targeted ads.
Logs & Device data:
We collect information about your device such as: model, language, android version .. etc.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your
Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot
guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
that these external sites are not operated by me.
Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the
Privacy Policy of these websites. I have
no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
I do not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from children under 13. In the case
I discover that a child under 13 has provided
me with personal information, I immediately
delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
and you are aware that your child has provided us with
personal information, please contact me so that
I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from
time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. I will
notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
this page.
This policy is effective as of 2023-09-09
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my
Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at mohamedsalsamy@gmail.com.
Copyright © 2023 Modev Studio