Privacy Policy | Momentous Institute Who we are Our Story Our Impact Our Team & Board Careers Contact Us Annual Report Press What we offer Mental Health Services Professional Training Momentous School Changemakers Curriculum Our Resources All Resources For Mental Health Professionals For Education Professionals For Caregivers Shop Training & Events Changing the Odds Conference Upcoming Training Donate Donate Privacy Policy Momentous Institute Privacy Policy Effective as of June 29, 2020 Momentous Institute (collectively, "Momentous," "we," "us" or "our") recognizes the importance of protecting the personal information collected from users in the operation of its services and taking reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of any information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By submitting your information to Momentous Institute you consent to the practices described in this policy. If you are less than 18 years of age, then you must first seek the consent of your parent or guardian prior to submitting any personal information. This Privacy Policy applies only to Momentous Institute. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the websites of any business partners or to any other third parties, even if their websites are linked to our website. We recommend you review the privacy policies of any other parties with whom you interact. This Privacy Policy governs personal information we collect from our customers and online from our website users ("you"), through our products, services, donation acceptance, websites, contacts or our relationship with you. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal information" means information that identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone number(s), email address(es) and state licensure information (e.g. LCSW, LPC, LMFT). Information We Collect We may ask you to provide personal information when you: Use our website; Request services, support or information; Make a donation; Place orders for products or services; Participate in surveys or promotional activities; Subscribe to newsletters, promotional emails or other materials; or Contact us. Information we may request includes your email address, name, home address, telephone number and state licensure information. If you make a purchase or donation, we may ask for your credit card number and billing information. We may also collect demographic information, such as your organization’s information, organization type and size, preferences, favorites and evaluations. Forms that you may fill in will indicate whether information requested is mandatory or voluntary. As is true with most websites, we gather certain information automatically. We may collect information about your visits to our websites, including the pages you view, the links you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with the Momentous Institute website and services. We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site. In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with Momentous Institute, information collected through one source may be combined with information obtained through other Momentous Institute resources. We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other parties. How We Use Personal Information Momentous Institute uses your personal information to: Deliver the services and support, or carry out, the transactions you have requested; Send communications to you, such as your transactions status (for example, order or donation confirmations), information about products and services available from Momentous Institute, promotional offers and surveys; Customize, analyze and improve our products, services (including the content and design of our website), technologies, communications and relationship with you; Enforce our conditions of sale or website/subscription terms; Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities; Protect the security or integrity of the website, our organization, or our products or services; or Otherwise, as disclosed to you at the point of collection. Disclosing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention or other legal action, as required by law or regulation or if Momentous Institute reasonably believes it is necessary to protect Momentous Institute, its customers or the public. Except as stated above, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you have provided consent. Selecting Your Communication Preferences You may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from Momentous Institute by indicating your preferences at point of collection. Opportunities to select your preferences include the following: At any point you can also click on the "Contact Us" link in the ribbon at the bottom of each web page and request to be removed from our advertising and marketing lists (U.S. mail distributions, emails or both); and You may opt out of receiving marketing communications from Momentous Institute by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in every personalized email marketing message you receive; and Any marketing by Momentous Institute, or any third parties on behalf of Momentous Institute, will be conducted in accordance with applicable laws. Please allow up to 10 business days for your email preferences to take effect. Because some promotions are developed in advance, you may still receive solicitations after we receive your preference request. How We Use Cookies Momentous Institute websites use Momentous Institute and third party "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a piece of text that is placed on your computer's hard drive. Depending on the settings you have selected, your browser adds the text to your device as a small file. You can change the browser settings as described below; many browsers are set to accept cookies by default. We use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to enter the same information repeatedly. Some marketing you receive, including email marketing, may also be personalized based on your visits to momentousinstitute.org and your browsing and purchase history. In addition, when you click on some links in email marketing you receive, a cookie may be placed on your browser. This cookie would be linked to your email address and used to gather information about the products and services you view and purchase on momentousinstitute.org. Information gathered may be used to personalize and customize future email marketing messages you receive. You may opt out of this use by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in every personalized email marketing message you receive. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Momentous Institute websites and services that depend on cookies. Third-party Websites and Services Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through our website may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party websites linked to www.momentousinstitute.org are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Changes To Our Privacy Policy We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy or make any material changes to how we will use your personal information, we will revise the Privacy Policy to reflect such changes and revise the Policy's effective date. We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Momentous Institute is protecting your personal information. Contacting Us If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write to us at the following address: Momentous Institute Attention: Human Resources Dept. 106 E. 10th St., Dallas, Texas 75203 Stay updated Stay in the loop on upcoming events and latest resources. Who we are Our Story Our Impact Team & Board Careers What we offer Mental Health Services Professional Training Momentous School Changemakers Curriculum Our Resources Resource Library For Mental Health Professionals For Education Professionals For Caregivers Research Shop Training & Events Changing the Odds Upcoming Training Contact Contact Us Press Privacy Policy ©
2023
Momentous Institute. All rights reserved.