Privacy Policy
Last modified: September 2023
This is the Privacy Policy of MKX Trader LLC (hereinafter referred to as "Company," "we," "us" or "our"). Our
Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect Personal Data as well as your related choices
regarding use, access, and correction. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy “Personal Data” shall mean
any
information relating to an identified or identifiable individual where such information is protected
similarly
as Personal Data or personally identifiable information under applicable Data Protection Laws.
“Data Protection Laws” means all applicable worldwide legislation relating to data protection and privacy
which
applies to the respective party in the role of Processing Personal Data in question under the Agreement,
including without limitation General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018;
in each case as amended, repealed, consolidated or replaced from time to time.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website and your user
profile page. We recommend checking our website and your user profile page occasionally to ensure you are
informed of any changes made. If required by applicable law, you will be informed of any significant changes
made to this Privacy Policy.
Responsible for data processing
MKX Trader LLC is responsible for the processing of your Personal Data with respect to the use of our
website,
mobile and desktop applications, purchase of services and/or products (collectively “MKX Trader") as shown
in
this Privacy Policy.
Contact details:
MKX Trader LLC
6310 Town Square
Suite 250 Alpharetta Georgia, 30005
United States of America
To exercise your rights or for any questions regarding the use, collection, or processing of your personal
data,
please contact us at privacy@mkxtrader.com.
What kind of information do we collect?
We collect information from our users in several ways as explained in this Privacy Policy.
When you visit our website, we will automatically collect information gathered by the use of cookies; such
as
your IP address.
We collect the following Personal Data you provide us:
- Your first and last name
- Country of residence
- E-mail address
- Personal details you choose to give when corresponding with us by phone, email or other
communication methods between you and the Company or otherwise visiting and
interacting with MKX Trader.
- The Traders you choose to follow and their ideas or strategies.
How do we use this information?
Your Personal Data will be processed by us only for the following purposes: Execute our agreement with you
- to communicate with you by email, phone, or other communication methods
- for the provision of our services and products
- monitor/access any content, ideas or strategies Traders post
- monitor trading activity on MKX Trader, including by detecting inconsistencies in trades and looking out
for potentially illegal activities
- to provide customer support and comply with regulatory and other legal obligations
- MKX Trader may also enable you to trade and invest in forex and stocks by means of an automatic trader
bot, of which (solely) you control and configure the settings. This feature is only available in the United
States of America. If you enable the automatic trader bot, your Personal Data will be processed by us to
execute orders on your behalf.
• Processing payment
The Company itself does not store, hold, process, or access your financial information. If you want to
purchase one or more subscription plans, you may be directed to the MKX Network website (“MKX Network”), in
order to pay for certain subscription plan fees using MKX Network’s website, you will be engaging in a
financial transaction through MKX Network. The payment processing is securely carried out by their payment
service provider. To process your payment, you may have to provide financial information such as credit card
numbers, expiration dates and security codes. Your payment will be processed by MKX Network and their
payment service provider in accordance with their privacy policies. Please see their privacy policy and MKX
Network’s privacy policy for information about how they handle your data.
• Account
To access MKX Trader, you will first need to set up an account via MKX Network. MKX Network shall redirect
you to MKX Trader. Login and access to MKX Trader is handled via MKX Network login portal through a
single-sign-on authentication scheme that allows you to securely authenticate with multiple applications and
websites by using just one set of credentials. We use your login credentials to validate your active
subscription and grant you access to MKX Trader web based and mobile application. We receive your first
name, last name, email address and country from MKX Network either through their website or API. We use your
country information to determine your general location in order to show you the region-specific version and
features of MKX Trader. You may elect to provide additional information such as your preferred language. We
display this information in your user profile. Please see MKX Network’s privacy policy for information about
how they handle your data.
If you connect to MKX Network or its services through a VPN, proxy server, or other method that blocks or
circumvent your access to the region-specific version and features of MKX Trader, we may not be able to
accurately determine your legal jurisdiction, which may affect our ability to provide requested services or
honor certain privacy rights.
We neither control nor take any responsibility for the way MKX Network provide information about you and/or
process your personal data.
You are responsible for the confidentiality of your password with which you access MKX Trader. We ask you
not to share your password with others. You are fully responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
your login details and any activities that occur under your account. Any such activities and actions shall
be deemed to be performed and authorized by you. If required by law or regulation to carry out additional
checks, we may ask for supplementary information post- registration in order to verify your identity. You
are responsible for the accuracy of the registration information supplied to us in connection with your
account and must update such information promptly in case of future changes.
• Marketing
We may use your information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other
information that may be of interest to you. We may use email and other communication channels to send you
direct messages with personalised advertisements and special offers, such as postal mail, mobile push
notifications or social channels (e.g., Messenger or WhatsApp). We do this only if you have explicitly given
your consent to us to do so. You may unsubscribe from our advertisements, offers and from e-mails to which
you have subscribed at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the e-mail. Such a preference can
also be changed at any time through your account, under User Profile. If you have opted to receive
personalised advertisements and offers through mobile push notifications, you can unsubscribe by changing
your smartphone settings (for mobile push notifications). Visit the website of your social network provider
for more information on how to unsubscribe from receiving personalised advertisements and offers through
social channels (e.g., Telegram, Messenger or WhatsApp).
You may always contact us to unsubscribe from receiving messages containing advertisements and offers.
• Service Notifications
If you are using MKX Trader from time to time we may send you important communications regarding MKX Trader
and/or our services, your User Account, updates, system alerts, including trading ideas, and any other
notifications which may be required by law or regulation (including without limitation notification of a
security incident) (collectively, "Service Notifications"). Such Service Notifications will be sent to your
email address supplied as part of your Account registration information. In principle, you cannot opt out of
receiving these Service Notifications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive
them, you have the option to deactivate them in your account, under User Profile.
• Log file information
We collect and store information through the use of a limited number of “cookies” and other automated means
such as authentication tokens whenever you visit our website. This information may include information such
as your computer's Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser version, your login attempts. This
enables us to improve our website and deliver a better service to you. You may always contact us if you wish
to delete this information and/or Personal Information from our files. Find out more about the tokens and
cookies we use in our “Cookie Policy”.
• Communications and support
We use your contact details to communicate with you about our services and in order to reply to questions or
to handle complaints about our services and products via e-mail, telephone, chat, messaging apps or other
communication methods.
How is this information shared?
If you purchase a certain subscription plan from MKX Network, they will share your personal details (first
name, last name and email address) and the subscription plans you have purchased us so that we can update
your subscription plans. MKX Network is independently responsible for processing your Personal Data. You can
find more information on how they handle your Personal Data in their privacy policy.
We may disclose your data with our parent company and our service providers insofar as reasonably necessary
for the performance of the agreement you have concluded with us. Our parent company and all such service
providers are governed by this Privacy Policy or are bound by the appropriate confidentiality and data
transfer agreements, an oath or legal obligation. We may also send your Personal Data to:
- professional advisors, such as banks, insurance companies, auditors, lawyers, accountants, other
professional advisors
- customer care support service provider
- email provider
- hosting party
- Software suppliers
- government agencies
Third Party Services
In order to provide you with high-quality services, we may employ third party companies and individuals to
facilitate our service (“Service Providers”). These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to
perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Cloudflare
We use the “Cloudflare CDN” service provided by Cloudflare Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
(hereinafter referred to as “Cloudflare”) that acts as the Content Delivery Network (CDN) on our website. A CDN
helps to deliver content from our online offering, especially files such as graphics or scripts, faster with the
help of regionally or internationally distributed servers. This enables Cloudflare to analyze data transactions
between your browser and our website and to work as a filter between our servers and potentially malicious data
traffic from the Internet. When you access our content, you connect to Cloudflare, Inc. servers, transmitting
your IP address and, if applicable, browser data such as your user agent. This data will be processed
exclusively for the above purposes and for the maintenance of the security and functionality of Cloudflare. In
this context, Cloudflare may also use cookies or other technologies deployed to recognize Internet users, which
shall, however, only be used for the herein described purpose.
The use of Cloudflare is based on our legitimate interest in a provision of our website offerings that is as
error free and secure as possible (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Data transmission to the US is based on the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) of the European Commission.
Details can be found here: www.cloudflare.com/media/pdf/cloudflare-customer- dpa.pdf. For more information on
Cloudflare’s security precautions and data privacy policies, please follow this link:
www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/.
Sendgrid
For the dispatch of order confirmation messages, we employ the service provider Sendgrid. Sendgrid is an offer
of SendGrid, Inc., 1401 Walnut, Boulder, CO 80302, USA.
We use Sendgrid to send emails to our users. When you sign up for our mailing list or place an order, we may
collect your name and email address. Sendgrid also collects certain information about the emails we send, such
as whether they were delivered and whether you opened or clicked on them.
If your data is transferred to the USA, this is done on the basis of your consent in accordance with Art. 49
para. 1 cl. 1 lit. a GDPR. In addition, Sendgrid is obligated to us by way of a standard contractual clause that
a level of data protection equivalent to that of the EU is guaranteed in third countries outside the EU to which
the collected data is exported. Information on the data privacy policy of SendGrid may be found at
https://sendgrid.com/privacy .
New Relic
We use New Relic to monitor the performance of our software, to help measure how users interact with our
websites and applications and to assist with troubleshooting. Learn about New Relic's GDPR practices. We do not
transfer personal information to New Relic.
We work with third party company New Relic Cookie. They are used to store a session identifier so they can
monitor session counts for an application. The Cookie value is generated by Jetty. This third party provider is
prohibited from using our data for any other purpose. Go to
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy
to read New Relic Privacy Policy.
Amazon Web Services
We use the cloud infrastructure of Amazon Web Services (AWS) to cloud-host and maintain the database and web
content. Therefore, customer data may flow through or be stored within this system. AWS infrastructure is housed
in high-security controlled environments pursuant to the AWS Cloud Security policy
https://aws.amazon.com/security/ . You can find more information
on AWS and data protection at
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/eu-data-protection/
and at
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/ .
Google Cloud Translation API
We use the Google Cloud Translation API provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View 94043,
California in order enable users to translate specific dynamic content in MKX Trader in several languages on
demand. the Google Cloud Translation API is provided to users for informational and convenience purposes only.
User’s Personal Data does not go through the Google translation API and no cookies are being attached to the
browser. Please visit Google’s Privacy Policy page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy .
Crowdin
Crowdin is a cloud-based solution that streamlines localization management to effectively manage all of your
multilingual content.
For more information on what data Crowdin collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is
ensured, please visit Crowdin Privacy Policy page:
https://crowdin.com/privacy-policy/#16how-to-contact-us .
Strapi
We use the content management system Strapi provided by Strapi Solutions SAS, rue de la Boétie, 75008 Paris,
France (strapi.io). We use their system to store content relating to educational information and videos. It does
not store any other information and does not have any cookies. Strapi is compliant with GDPR requirements.
Please visit Strapi Privacy Policy page:
https://strapi.io/privacy .
Fixer
We use the API Fixer for exchange rate and currency conversions updated as often as every 60 seconds. Please
visit Fixer Privacy Policy page:
https://fixer.io/privacy .
Tradermade
We use Tradermade to provide you with real-time forex market data, news and information analytics. Please visit
Tradermade Privacy Policy page:
https://tradermade.com/privacypolicy .
EODHD
We use EOD Historical Data to provide you with real-time stock market data, news and information analytics. You
can learn more about this data collection on the EOD website here:
https://eodhd.com/financial-apis/privacy-policy .
Marketstack
We use Marketstack to provide real-time price updates for the stock market. For more information on how
Marketstack handles your data, please visit their privacy policy page:
https://marketstack.com/privacy .
Zendesk
In our mobile and desktop application we offer an in-app chat tool, which allows Pro Subscribers to chat with
our customer support to manage any support requests, queries and issues raised. Pro Subscribers will also be
able to chat with certain Traders in order to clarify certain general trade ideas. Necessary data such as
surname, first name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, and any information you choose to provide
to allow us and/or certain Traders to assist you, are collected via MKX Trader in order to answer your enquiry.
The in-app chat function and customer support tool are provided by Zendesk Inc.
Zendesk uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of MKX Trader (including your
anonymous IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Zendesk on servers in three main regions — United
States, Asia Pacific, and the European Union. In accordance with Zendesk’s privacy policy your data may be
stored in any of those regions. The information is only visible for the moment of the stay on a certain page and
is not stored. Chats that have been carried out are logged and saved. You may refuse the use of cookies, however
please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of MKX Trader.
Zendesk certifies compliance with the US Department of Commerce's Privacy-Shield- and Safe- Harbor Framework
Programmes between the US and the EU and between the US and Switzerland. Zendesk has further adopted Binding
Corporate Rules that have been authorised by the EU data protection authorities, and which enables Zendesk to
transfer Personal Data lawfully from EEA member states to other Zendesk group companies around the world.
Further information on data processing by Zendesk can be found in their privacy policy available at
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/privacypolicy/ .
If you have any questions, you can also contact Zendesk's data protection officer directly: Zendesk, Inc., Attn:
Privacy Officer, 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States or by email to euprivacy@zendesk.com
Vimeo
MKX Trader uses plugins of the video portal Vimeo. The provider is Vimeo Inc. 555 West 18th Street,
New York, New York 10011, USA.
When you visit one of our pages equipped with a Vimeo plug-in, a connection is established to the Vimeo servers.
The Vimeo server will be informed which of our pages you have visited. Vimeo also obtains your IP address. This
also applies if you are not logged in to Vimeo or do not have an account with Vimeo. The information collected
by Vimeo is transmitted to the Vimeo server in the USA.
If you are logged in to your Vimeo account, you enable Vimeo to assign your surfing behavior directly to your
personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account.
You can find further information on the handling of user data in the Privacy Policy of Vimeo at
https://vimeo.com/privacy .
Change of control
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of the Company or our assets to another organization
(e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation),
your information may be among the items sold or transferred. The buyer or transferee will have to honour the
commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
Legal requests and preventing harm
We may access, preserve, and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant,
court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. We may also
access, preserve, and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect,
prevent, and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you, and others, including as
part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may
be accessed, processed, and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal
request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our
terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
Safety and security
We have taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that the regulations and
requirements relating to data protection are observed and upheld both by ourselves and by our external
service providers. We use the latest technologies to protect your information against loss or unlawful
processing. We use safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Dashboard secure;
encryption of sending Personal Data via our website (SSL) and regularly updating our systems are examples of
these measures. If you think that your data is not properly secured or if you have indications that your
data is being misused, please send us an email. However, we cannot ensure the security of any information
you transmit to us or guarantee that information on the website may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or
destroyed. We request you to do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of
your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and us, at
all times. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other
organization.
International transfer
In principle, your Personal Data will not be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside the
European Economic Area (“EEA”). However, if in the case we engage non-European service providers, we
carefully consider whether an adequate level of protection can be provided. These service providers are only
permitted to use the information insofar as reasonably necessary for the performance of the agreement you
have concluded with us. Where necessary, we conclude data transfer agreements with these service providers
based on standard contractual clauses established by the European Commission (which have been approved by
the European Commission) as well as additional safeguards where appropriate (such as commercial industry
standard secure encryption methods to protect customer data at rest and in transit, web application firewall
protection, and other appropriate contractual and organizational measures). These service providers may be
obliged to provide access to your data based on their applicable laws and regulations. For more information
about safeguards for international transfers, please contact us using the contact details provided in this
Privacy Policy. Please note that we rely on the EU-US Data Privacy Framework and the adequacy decision as a
data transfer mechanism for the cross-border transfer of personal data and introduces limitations on US
surveillance agencies' access to EU data beyond what is “necessary and proportionate” as well as an
independent dispute resolution mechanism.
Retention period
In compliance with applicable laws, we ensure that your Personal Data is retained no longer than reasonably
necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or as required by legal, regulatory,
accounting, or reporting obligations, whichever duration is longer. Here is the retention schedule for your
Personal Data:
- Customer Data (First name, last name, email address): Retained for up to 5 years after the last
transaction, in accordance with statutory limitation periods for damage claims. This information may be
retained as evidence.
- Account Information (Customer username, email address, password): Kept as long as your account remains
active. Account removal will be completed within 30 days, removing all data from our systems.
- Correspondence: Maintained for up to 5 years following the last correspondence, aligned with statutory
limitation periods for damage claims. This information may serve as evidence.
- Marketing Communications (Email address, WhatsApp, Telegram number, messenger ID, postal information):
Retained until you opt out. If you choose to stop receiving marketing communications, we will retain the
record of your withdrawal request. You have the option to unsubscribe from our advertisements and offers at
any time.
Upon expiry of the applicable retention period, we will securely destroy your Personal Data in accordance
with applicable laws and regulations. In some circumstances we may anonymize your Personal Data so that it
can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer Personal Data.
If you would like details of the retention periods for a particular aspect of your Personal Data which is
not detailed above, please contact us at privacy@mkxtrader.com.
Inspection and correction
You have the statutory right to know what Personal Data of yours we have stored and to whom we have disclosed
it. You are entitled to request information at no cost about your data at any time and without charge, and
to demand its correction, deletion or blocking. You may also revoke your consent to the processing methods
at any time with immediate effect for the future.
You can easily access most of your data (including the data provided by you) and rectify/correct such data
though your registered account. If you have created an account on MKX Trader as a customer, you can delete
your account by sending us an email to remove your account.
If you have created an account on MKX Network’s website, you can either send MKX Network or us an email to
deactivate your account. We will anonymise your Personal Data, in which case it is no longer considered
Personal Data.
If you wish, we can send your Personal Data to you so that you can transfer it to another party. You can
make a request to that effect by sending an email to us. Most likely, in such case we will no longer be able
to continue our service as we can no longer guarantee the safeguard of your Personal Data. In addition, you
can ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data (for example if you deem the information to be
incorrect, the processing is unnecessary or the processing is unlawful) or the termination of use of your
Personal Data.
We do not use automated decision-making without human intervention, including profiling, in a way that
produces legal effects concerning you or that otherwise significantly affects you.
Remember, you can always object to the processing of your Personal Data.
If you would like further information about how your Personal Data is stored, or you wish to exercise one of
your aforementioned rights, please send us an email. You may be contacted by our customer support team in
order to verify your identity before we fulfil your request. This is to protect your privacy. Finally, you
can always submit a complaint about our data processing practices to the Dutch Data Protection Authority via
www.autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl
Third-party applications, websites, and services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any applications, websites or services linked to or
from MKX Trader, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you
use a link to go from MKX Trader to another application, website or service, our Privacy Policy does not
apply to those third-party applications, websites, or services. Your browsing activity and interaction on
any third-party application, website, or service, including those that have a link on MKX Trader, are
subject to that third party's own rules and policies.
Children's privacy
We do not intent to address to children (under 13 in the US, under 16 for EU residents, or other age as
required by local law) ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
Children. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal
Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from
a child under the age of 16 (or the applicable age in their territory) without verification of parental
consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may modify or update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting
the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any
changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy of the Service, please send an email to
privacy@mkxtrader.com.
INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIAN CONSUMERS
The provisions contained in this section supplements our Privacy Policy and apply to all Users who are
consumers residing in the state of California, United States of America, according to "The California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018" (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), and, for such
consumers, these provisions are not intended to contradict or limit the applicability of the information
provided in the Privacy Policy.
This part of the document uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer
Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”).
Categories of Personal Data collected, disclosed or sold
In this section we describe how we collect, use, and share California consumers' Personal Data in our role as
a business, and the rights applicable to such residents. The CCPA requires businesses to disclose whether
they sell Personal Data. The Company is a business and does not sell Personal Data. We may share Personal
Data with third parties if those third parties are authorized service providers or business partners who
have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing
of “Personal Data” within this document.
If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment,
please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format
that you can access.
How we collect, Use, and Share your Personal Data
We have collected the following categories of Personal Data about you in the past twelve (12) months:
Identifiers as a first and last name, username, unique personal identifier (such as a telephone number,
online identifier, password, internet protocol address and email address). We collect
this information directly from you or from third party sources.
Commercial information and internet information such as subscription records, products or
services purchased, and other purchasing or consuming histories. We collect this information
directly from you.
Other Personal Data, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the
context of receiving help through our help desks or other support channels or in providing
the Service.
Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device.
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80: signature, physical characteristics or
description, state identification card number, financial information, such as financial account numbers
in the process of providing you with a subscription. We collect this information from you.
We may use (and may have used during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this document) your
Personal Data for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may use such categories of Personal Data for certain business purposes specified
under the CCPA:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service,
processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments,
providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar
services;
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not
limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad
impressions, and auditing compliance;
Short Term Use: Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization
of ads shown as part of the same interaction;
Security Purposes: Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent,
illegal activity, or any activity that violates our policies and prosecuting those responsible for that
activity;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Internal R&D: Undertaking internal research for technological development and
demonstration;
Safety: Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device
that is owned, developed for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the
service or device that is owned, developed for, or controlled by us;
Comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal process, as well as industry standards and
our company policies;
For any other purpose, with your consent.
Sharing of Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data with our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, business partners, and vendors
that provide services on our behalf. These parties are not meant to use Personal Data except for the
purpose(s) for which it was provided.
In the event of a business transaction, such as if we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or
assets (e.g., further to a merger, reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction, including
negotiations of such transactions), we reserve the right to disclose any information we obtain through MKX
Trader. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by and subject to this Privacy
Policy.
Additionally, we may disclose information when required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal
processes, or in response to activities that are unlawful or a violation of our rules for use of MKX Trader,
or to protect and defend our rights or property.
California Do Not Track
Our web services do not alter, change, or respond upon receiving Do Not Track (DNT) requests or signals in
browsers. As described in more detail above, we track user activity using web server logs, cookies and
similar technologies. Information collected in web server logs helps us analyze website usage and improve
the user’s experience. Cookies allow us to offer you a customized experience and present relevant
advertising to you.
Your California privacy rights and how to exercise them
You have certain rights regarding the Personal Data we collect or maintain about you. Please note these
rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law.
The right of access and to portability
You have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories and sources of the Personal Data that we collect about you, the purposes for which we use
your information and with whom such information is shared. This disclosure will be limited to the Personal
Data collected or used over the past 12 months.
If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed will be "portable", i.e. delivered in an
easily usable format to enable you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance, provided
that this is technically feasible.
The right to request the deletion of your Personal Data
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Data collected or maintained by us,
subject to
exceptions set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, where the information is used to
identify and repair errors on this Service, to detect security incidents and protect against fraudulent or
illegal activities, to exercise certain rights etc.).
If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right, we will delete your Personal Data and
direct any of our service providers to do so.
The right to non-discrimination
The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you
exercise
one of your privacy rights.
Shine the Light Request
If you are a California resident and have provided us with your Personal Data, you may ask us to refrain from
sharing your Personal Data with third parties, including our affiliates if they are separate legal entities,
for
direct marketing purposes.
The Company does not sell Personal Data to third parties (pursuant to California Civil Code §§ 1798.100–
1798.199, also known as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018).
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us via
the details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are. Therefore, you can only exercise
the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify your identity by a method
appropriate to
the type of request you are making.
attest to the fact that you are a California resident, and provide your current California address to
which we
will send our response. Your inquiry must specify “California Privacy Rights Request” in the subject line of
the
email or the first line of the letter and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.
If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can authorize a person registered with the
California Secretary of State to act on your behalf. We may also request that your authorized agent have
written
permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's
identity to protect your Personal Data.
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and
respond to
it. We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the
Personal Data in our possession actually relates to you.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within 10 days and provide information about how we will
process your request. We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more
time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note
that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12-month period.
Should we deny your request, we will explain you the reasons behind our denial.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless such request is manifestly
unfounded or excessive. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the request. In
either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind it.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you have a disability
and need to access this notice in a different format, please contact us here or by mail at:
privacy@mkxtrader.com
Other Important Privacy Information
We Never Sell Personal Data.
We will never sell your Personal Data to any third party.
Information About Children
MKX Trader is not intended for or targeted at children under 13, and we do not knowingly or
intentionally
collect Personal Data about children under 13. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data about
a child
under 13, please contact us here, so that we may delete the information.