Privacy Policy
Careers
Trial Participants
Investigator Login
Investors
Choose Language
Search
Scientific Expertise
Scientific Expertise >
Therapeutic Areas
Therapeutic Areas >
Cardiovascular
Dermatology
Diabetes and Endocrinology
Hepatology
Infectious Disease
Inflammation
Nephrology
Neuroscience
Oncology
Ophthalmology
Respiratory & Pulmonary
Rheumatoid Arthritis
Specialty Areas
Specialty Areas >
Cell & Gene Therapies
Pediatrics
Rare Disease and Orphan Drugs
Global Solutions
Global Solutions >
Clinical Development
Clinical Development >
Early: Phase I / IIa
Late: Phase IIb / III
Real-World Evidence and Post-Approval Studies
Decentralized Clinical Trials
Data Analysis & Reporting
Clinical Trial Project Management & Monitoring
Patient Safety & Pharmacovigilance
Clinical Pharmacology
Clinical Pharmacology >
Clinical Research Units (CRUs)
Drug Development Consulting Services
Drug Development Consulting Services >
Market Access & HEOR Strategy
Enabling Technologies
Enabling Technologies >
snapClinical Platform
Mobile Clinical Services
Full and Functional Service Provider Models
Full and Functional Service Provider Models >
Hub and Patient Access Support
Hub and Patient Access Support >
Specialty Pharmacy
Device and Diagnostic Development
Device and Diagnostic Development >
Our Customers
Our Customers >
Pharmaceutical
Pharmaceutical >
Biotechnology
Biotechnology >
Med Tech
Med Tech >
About Us
About Us >
Leadership
Leadership >
Locations
Locations >
Newsroom
Newsroom >
Investors
Investors >
Contact Us
Back
Website Privacy Policy
Home
/
Legal
/
Privacy Policy
Fortrea, Inc., (formerly known as Labcorp Drug Development Inc.), which has a place of business at 8 Moore Drive, Durham, North Carolina 27709, which, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively "Fortrea", “We”, “Us” or “Our”), is committed to protecting your (“Your” or “You”) information that We may collect or which You may submit to or through our website  or other Fortrea websites or mobile applications that directly link to this privacy statement (collectively, the “Website”).
This privacy statement (the “Privacy Statement”), together with Our Terms of Use, describes the types of information We may collect, how We may use Your information and how that information may be disclosed by Us.
Please read the following carefully to understand Our views and practices regarding Your information and how We will treat it.
For more information on the use and disclosure of information collected about or from residents of California and Virginia, please see Our  California and Virginia Privacy Policy . The California and Virginia Privacy Policy supplements this Privacy Statement.  If there is any conflict between this Privacy Statement and the California and Virginia Privacy Policy, the California and Virginia Privacy Policy will control solely with respect to information relating to residents of California and Virginia. If you are a resident of California or Virginia, You acknowledge our California and Virginia Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected on the Website. It does not apply to information collected on any third-party site that may link to or be accessible to the Website over which We have no influence or control. The use of other sites, or the submission of information to other third-party sites is at Your own risk and is subject to their privacy statements and policies.
Collecting Your Information
Generally, You can visit the Website without revealing who You are and without disclosing any of Your personal information. However, there may be times when We require information about You or Your device, or when You wish to disclose such information to Us. Such information is obtained when You use our Website or it is submitted by You, and is subject to the provisions set out in this Privacy Statement.
We collect and process the following information (including Your personal data, which directly or indirectly is individually identifiable of You):
Unique identifiers, such as Your name, date of birth, postal address, online identifier, email address, account name, or other similar personal identifiers.
Protected classification characteristics under applicable laws, such as Your age, race, ancestry, national origin, health or medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, pregnancy and related medical conditions), genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Commercial information, such as records of products or services purchased or obtained, or correspondence from You.
Usage information and other similar network activity, such as browsing history, device ID, search history, Internet Protocol address, information on Your interaction with a website, device geolocation, application type and version, or advertisements placed and ad interactions.
Professional or employment-related information, such as current or past job history or performance evaluations.
We obtain the information listed above:
Directly from You, such as from documents or forms You provide to Us, or preferences You express or provide when accessing our services;
Indirectly from You, such as by observing Your activity when receiving, using or accessing our services;
Automatically from You, such as through the use of tracking technologies and other cookies as You use our digital services, including Our websites and mobile applications; or
From third-parties, such as to monitor and analyze the use of our websites, mobile applications, for payment processing, or other third-party vendors that We use to provide services to You, including websites and mobile applications through the course of providing services to You or jointly with Us.
Where required by law, We may ask for Your additional explicit consent to collect information considered to be sensitive personal information (such as information about Your race, ethnicity or health information). You may withdraw such consent at any time by contacting Us at the details below.
We obtain personally identifying information about You only if You voluntarily choose to provide such information via correspondence with Us. Feedback forms used in Fortrea correspondence specifically request that You do not include personal information such as user names, passwords, social security numbers, and private health information. Correspondence conducted via Fortrea feedback forms is stored on a third-party server and then downloaded by Fortrea personnel.
Various Fortrea webpages and programs give users the option to make electronic payment for services. Information from these bill payment links is not tracked or recorded but may be transmitted to independent third parties for payment processing.
We may be required by law to collect certain personal information about You or as a consequence of any contractual relationship We have with You. Failure to provide this information may prevent or delay the fulfillment of these obligations.
How We Will Use Your Information
We use Your information for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided, including to process payments and other financial transactions.
To provide You with information, products or services that You request from Us.
To provide You with electronic messages consisting of alerts, reminders, event registrations and other notices concerning Our products or services, appointments, events or news that may be of interest to You.
To carry out Our obligations and enforce Our rights arising from any contracts entered into between You and Us.
To improve Our Website and present its contents to You.
For testing, research, analysis and product or services’ development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Us or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to You when collecting Your information directly or as otherwise specified under applicable law.
When we use Your contact information to communicate to You about new services and products that may be of interest to You, You will be given the option of receiving periodic informational/promotional mail or email from Us. You choose whether or not to receive correspondence when You provide this information or by changing Your preferences within Your registration profile or by following the instructions provided in the email at any time.
If You do not want Us to use Your information in this way, please contact Us at the details below.
Worldwide Transfer of Your Personal Information
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was provided, including the U.S. (i.e., a ‘Recipient’ country). Fortrea will use mechanisms for any such transfer as required under applicable law. If You have questions concerning the transfer of Your information, please contact Us using the contact details set out below.
Third Parties Disclosures
We may share Your Personal Information with agents, contractors or partners of Fortrea in connection with services that these individuals or entities perform for, or with, Fortrea. We may, for example, provide Your information to agents, contractors or partners for hosting Our databases, for data processing services, or so that they can mail You information that You requested.
Fortrea will disclose Your information in response to duly authorized information requests of any law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority, or other third party, where We believe such disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect Our rights or the rights of any third party, including to identity or locate anyone for the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders. You waive and hold Us harmless from any claims resulting from such disclosures and from any actions taken as a consequence of investigations by either Us or law enforcement authorities.
We will also transfer your information to a third party in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of Our business to which the information relates.
We also share aggregate, non-personal information about Website usage with affiliated and unaffiliated third parties.
Information Security and Storage
We reserve the right to take any appropriate legal action, including referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of this Website. We also reserve the right take any action to prevent the unauthorized use of Our intellectual property.
The Retention of Your Information
We will retain and use Your information to the extent and for a period permitted under applicable law, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our legal agreements and policies, and protect Our property.
We will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of the Website, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
The Safety and Security of Your Personal Information Also Depends on You
If You choose or are given a user identification code, password or any other information as part of Our security procedures for one of the registration-only sections of the Website, You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your password and user name for the Website and You are responsible for all activities that are carried out under them.
We will not be liable where Your password or user name is used by someone else. You agree to notify Us immediately at the contact information provided below of any unauthorized use of Your password or user name of which You become aware. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by You or allocated by Us, at any time to safeguard your account and data.
Please be aware that while We take appropriate steps to safeguard the security of Your Personal Information, the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure and therefore You do this at Your own risk.
We implement technical and organizational measures to maintain a level of security appropriate to the risk to the Personal Information We process.
To request that Your Personal Information be deleted from Our databases, please see below for more information.
Cookies and Our Use of Tracking Technologies
Fortrea tracks visitors to our Website by collecting usage data using various methods, tools, and technologies to store or collect information about Your use of and access to our Website (“tracking technologies”).  Tracking technologies may set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on your device.  A few of the tracking technologies we may use include the following (and subsequent technology and methods later developed):
Cookies.
A cookie is a unique data file placed on a device when it is used to visit our Website.  Cookies help enable Your preferred web experience, allowing Our Website to recognize your device and preferences, and to track Your use of and interest in different parts of our Website.
Web Beacons.
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1x1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our Website’ pages and messages.  Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or e-mail can act as a web beacon.  Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including to count visitors to the Website, to monitor how users navigate the Website, or to identify particular articles or links actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about Your interactions with the Website, such as the links You click on.  The code is temporarily downloaded onto Your device from our web server or a third-party, is active only while You are connected to the Website and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Browser Fingerprinting.
Collection and analysis of information from Your browser used on Your device, such as Your browser type, version, operating system, plug-ins, system fonts and other data, for purposes of identification.
ETag, or Entity Tag.   A feature of the cache in browsers.  It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL.  If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned.  Used in this manner, ETags are a form of Device Identifier.  ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
Recognition Technologies.
Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about devices, users, and activities on the Website (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user), including session and event recorders, voice to text recognition, etc.).
These tracking technologies are used to (1) enable certain functions and tools on the Website, (2) assist in the navigation of the Website, (3) track resources and data used on the Website, (4) promote Fortrea’s products and services, and (5) remember computer settings. Fortrea also collects other forms of usage data, such as information on browsers used to access our Website, search terms used to find the Website, and traffic referrals and links to our Website. This usage data may not be permanently maintained within our tracking system.
Fortrea also uses the services of Google Analytics and other similar software to analyze traffic to the various Fortrea webpages. Data collected regarding site usage is compiled in aggregate to improve the performance of the site, create a profile of uses, and improve our marketing and advertisements. By accessing our Website, You expressly consent to the use of these tracking technologies, and this data collection and use.
If You do not wish Your information to be included in aggregated data through Google Analytics, You can download and install Google’s “Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on” available  here . If You wish to prevent the use of cookies or for Your information to be included in aggregated data through Google Analytics, You must modify the properties on Your web browser for both as described above.
We are giving You notice of the tracking technologies and Your available choices regarding them so that your consent is meaningfully informed.  You are responsible for managing any preference changes on your device or browser.  Generally, certain tracking technologies may be rejected, disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings.  Each browser You use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options in this regard.
Please be aware that if You disable or remove these tracking technologies some parts of our Website may not work and when You revisit Our Website your ability to limit browser-based tracking technologies is subject to Your browser settings and limitations.
Various third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms known as “do not track signals”.  For instance, some browsers may have such signal options, although they differ as to if the signal is set as default or must be turned on by the user.  Further, there is currently no standard as to what sites and app operators should do with regard to these signals.  Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms, although we may consider doing so if an understandable and practical standard is developed and widely adopted.
Internet Links
The Fortrea Website may contain links to a number of sites that may provide useful information. Links contained on the Fortrea Website that transfer You to a non-Fortrea site are not maintained by Fortrea and may contain different information and/or different privacy policies from those of our Company. You may review the privacy policies of these websites and/or receive specific information regarding that site's privacy policies and procedures after leaving the Fortrea site. Fortrea is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of a non-Fortrea Website. Fortrea does not control, or have any input into, whether our business partners or internet-linked sites, use or accept cookies on their sites.
Updates and Changes
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. When We do update it, for Your convenience, We will make the updated Privacy Statement available on this page. Changes and additions to the Privacy Statement are effective from the date on which they are posted. Please review the Privacy Statement from time to time to check whether We have made any changes to the way in which We use Your Personal Information.
Children's Privacy
You should be aware that this Site is not intended for, or designed to attract, individuals under the age of 18. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with personal information, please contact Us.
Your Rights over Your Personal Information
You may have certain rights regarding Your personal information, subject to local law. These may include the right to:
access Your personal information;
rectify the information We hold about You;
erase Your personal information;
restrict Our use of Your personal information;
object to Our use of Your personal information;
receive Your personal information in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (right to data portability); and
lodge a complaint with Your local data protection authority if one exists in Your country.
We encourage You to contact Us to update or correct Your personal information if it changes or if the information We hold about You is inaccurate. Please note that We will likely require additional information from You in order to honor Your requests.
You may request that Your personal information be deleted, You may continue to receive materials for a short period while We are updating Our lists. Your records will then be permanently deleted from Our systems.
How to Contact Us
Fortrea, Inc., is based in the US and is the controller responsible for information that it collects and processes.
If You have any questions or concerns regarding the way in which Your information is used, please contact Us via mail at 8 Moore Drive, Durham, North Carolina 27703, marking Your letter for the attention of the Data Controller, Law Department. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at  DPO@fortrea.com .  The data protection representative of the Company in the European Union is Fortrea Belgium SRL (formerly Labcorp Clinical Development SRL), Avenue du Bourget 501130 Brussels, Belgium. The data protection representative in the United Kingdom is Fortrea Development Limited (formerly Labcorp Clinical Development Limited), 5 Foundation Park, Roxborough Way, Maidenhead, SL6 3UD United Kingdom.
This Privacy Statement is dated 1 st
May 2023.
Quick Links
Scientific Expertise
Global Solutions
Our Customers
About Us
Resources
Careers
Trial Participants
Investigator Login
Contact Us
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
California & Virginia Privacy Policy
Combatting Modern Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement
Non-Discrimination Policy
Follow Us
Labcorp Clinical Development and Commercialization Services business is now Fortrea (NASDAQ: FTRE). Ⓒ 2023 Copyright Fortrea Inc. All Rights Reserved.