Privacy Policy - Our House Rules | Etsy
Privacy Policy - Our House Rules | Etsy
Etsy
Search for items or shops
Clear search
Skip to Content
Sign in
Cart preview displayed
0
The Holiday Shop
Jewelry & Accessories
Clothing & Shoes
Home & Living
Wedding & Party
Craft Supplies
Gifts & Gift Cards
Etsy Registry
All Jewelry & Accessories
Accessories
Bags & Purses
Necklaces
Rings
Earrings
Bracelets
Body Jewelry
All Jewelry
Hats & Caps
Baseball & Trucker Hats
Beanies & Winter Hats
Hair Accessories
Headbands
Fascinators & Mini Hats
Barrettes & Clips
Ties & Elastics
Wreaths & Tiaras
Sunglasses & Eyewear
Scarves & Wraps
Belts & Suspenders
Keychains & Lanyards
Cosmetic & Toiletry Bags
Gloves & Mittens
Umbrellas & Rain Accessories
Wallets & Money Clips
All Accessories
Backpacks
Handbags
Clutches & Evening Bags
Shoulder Bags
Diaper Bags
Luggage & Duffel Bags
Phone Cases
Totes
All Bags & Purses
Pendant Necklaces
Choker Necklaces
Charm Necklaces
Crystal Necklaces
Monogram & Name Necklaces
Beaded Necklaces
Chains
Bib Necklaces
Tassel Necklaces
All Necklaces
Stackable Rings
Statement Rings
Bands
Signet Rings
Multi-Stone Rings
Solitaire Rings
Midi Rings
Wedding & Engagement
Engagement Rings
Wedding Bands
Promise Rings
Bridal Sets
All Rings
Dangle & Drop Earrings
Stud Earrings
Hoop Earrings
Chandelier Earrings
Ear Jackets & Climbers
Cluster Earrings
Cuff & Wrap Earrings
Clip-On Earrings
All Earrings
Beaded Bracelets
Bangles
Charm Bracelets
Woven & Braided Bracelets
Cuff Bracelets
Chain & Link Bracelets
All Bracelets
Anklets
Hair Jewelry
Nose Rings & Studs
Arm Bands
Nipple Jewelry
Belly Rings
Shoulder Jewelry
Toe Rings
Lip Rings
All Body Jewelry
Editors' Picks
Jewelry, Handbags, and Accessories
All Clothing & Shoes
Women's
Men's
Kids' & Baby
Bags & Purses
Women's Clothing
Dresses
Tops & Tees
Skirts
Jackets & Coats
Pants & Capris
Sweaters
Costumes
Hoodies & Sweatshirts
Pajamas & Robes
Women's Shoes
Boots
Slippers
Sneakers
All Women's
Men's Clothing
Shirts
Sweaters
Costumes
Hoodies & Sweatshirts
Jackets & Coats
Pajamas & Robes
Men's Shoes
Boots
Slippers
Sneakers
All Men's
Baby Girls' Clothing
Sweaters
Girls' Clothing
Dresses
Skirts
Tops
Costumes
Jackets & Coats
Pajamas & Robes
Sweaters
Baby Boys' Clothing
Sweaters
Boys' Clothing
Tops
Costumes
Jackets & Coats
Pajamas & Robes
Sweaters
Girls' Shoes
Boots
Slippers
Sneakers
Boys' Shoes
Boots
Slippers
Sneakers
Gender-Neutral Baby Clothing
Gender-Neutral Kids' Clothing
All Kids' & Baby
Backpacks
Handbags
Clutches & Evening Bags
Shoulder Bags
Diaper Bags
Luggage & Duffel Bags
Phone Cases
All Bags & Purses
Editors' Picks
The Fall Style Refresh
All Home & Living
Home
Bath & Beauty
Pet Supplies
Home Decor
Wall Decor
Throw Pillows
Picture Frames & Displays
Candles & Holders
Clocks
Vases
Holiday Wreaths
Christmas Trees
Menorahs
Ornaments & Holiday Decor
Rugs
Furniture
Bedroom Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Kids' Furniture
Living Room Furniture
Bedding
Bathroom
Outdoor & Gardening
Storage & Organization
Office
Lighting
Kitchen & Dining
Cookware
Drink & Barware
Serveware
Food & Drink
Spirituality & Religion
All Home
Bath Accessories
Makeup & Cosmetics
Skin Care
Hair Care
Essential Oils
Fragrances
Soaps & Bath Bombs
Sex Toys
Face Masks & Coverings
Spa Kits & Gifts
All Bath & Beauty
Pet Collars & Leashes
Pet Furniture
Pet Clothing & Shoes
Pet Costumes
Pet Hats & Wigs
Pet Jackets & Hoodies
Pet Bedding
Pet Carriers & Houses
All Pet Supplies
Editors' Picks
Design Ideas and Inspiration
All Wedding & Party
Party Supplies
Invitations & Paper
Wedding Decorations
Wedding Gifts
Wedding Accessories
Wedding Clothing
Wedding Jewelry
All Wedding
Party Decor
Baking & Cake Decoration
All Party Supplies
Invitations & Announcements
Wedding Invitations
Wedding Invitation Kits
Wedding Templates
Save The Dates
Greeting Cards
Gift Wrapping
Holiday & Seasonal Cards
Stationery
All Invitations & Paper
Centerpieces
Cake Toppers
Serving & Dining
Cake Servers & Knives
Table Decor
Candles & Holders
Baskets & Boxes
Ring Bearer Pillows
Plants
All Wedding Decorations
Bridesmaids Gifts
Wedding Favors
Gifts For The Couple
Groomsmen Gifts
Guest Books
Portraits & Frames
Albums & Scrapbooks
All Wedding Gifts
Something Blue
Bouquets & Corsages
Veils
Bags & Purses
Cover Ups & Scarves
Hair Accessories
Barrettes & Clips
Decorative Combs
Fascinators & Mini Hats
Hair Jewelry
Hair Pins
Wreaths & Tiaras
Cummerbunds
Neckties
Umbrellas
Hats
All Wedding Accessories
Dresses
Bridal Gowns & Separates
Bridesmaid Dresses
Flower Girl Dresses
Mother of the Bride Dresses
Lingerie & Garters
Suits
All Wedding Clothing
Earrings
Rings
Engagement Rings
Wedding Bands
Bridal Sets
Necklaces
Bracelets
Jewelry Sets
All Wedding Jewelry
Editors' Picks
The Wedding Shop
Etsy Registry
Toys & Games
Baby & Toddler Toys
Dolls & Action Figures
Stuffed Animals
Games & Puzzles
Learning & School
Kids' Crafts
Slime & Foam
Sports & Outdoor Games
Electronics & Accessories
Cell Phone Accessories
Gadgets
Video Games
Decals & Skins
Cameras
Computers & Peripherals
Car Parts & Accessories
Docks & Stands
Electronics Cases
Books
Blank Books
Calendars & Planners
Book Accessories
Children's Books
Art & Photography Books
Comics & Graphic Novels
Craft & Hobby Books
Literature & Fiction
Poetry
Guides & How Tos
Zines & Magazines
Movies & Music
Musical Instruments
Instrument Straps
Recorded Audio
Sheet Music
All Movies
All Music
Picks & Slides
All Toys & Entertainment
Editors' Picks
Home Tech Accessories
Prints
Photography
Painting
Oil
Watercolor
Acrylic
Sculpture
Glass Art
Drawing & Illustration
Mixed Media & Collage
Fiber Arts
Dolls & Miniatures
Collectibles
Figurines & Knick Knacks
Memorabilia
Coins & Money
All Art & Collectibles
Editors' Picks
Wall Art and Decor
All Craft Supplies & Tools
Home & Hobby
Jewelry & Beauty
Sewing & Fiber
Papercraft
Visual Arts
Sculpting & Forming
Woodworking & Carpentry
Home Improvement
Electronics & Circuitry
Framing
Doll & Model Making
Candle Making
Food & Fermenting
Floral & Garden Crafts
Gardening & Plants
Floral Arranging
All Home & Hobby
Jewelry Making & Beading
Beads
Cabochons
Charms
Jewelry Findings
Pendants
Makeup & Face Painting
All Jewelry & Beauty
Knitting
Crochet
Sewing
Quilting
Embroidery
Cross Stitch
All Sewing & Fiber
Card Making & Stationery
Scrapbooking
Bookbinding
Stamping
Origami
Party & Gifting
All Papercraft
Painting
Printing & Printmaking
Drawing & Drafting
Photography
Collage
Calligraphy & Pens
All Visual Arts
Ceramics & Pottery
Metalworking
Carving & Whittling
All Sculpting & Forming
Editors' Picks
DIY Craft Projects
Gifts
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Kids
Gifts for Couples
Gifts for Teachers
Gifts for Friends
Gifts for Pets
Personalized Gifts
Last Minute Gifts
Gifts Under $30
Christmas Gifts
Birthday Gifts
Housewarming Gifts
Anniversary Gifts
Free Shipping on Orders of $35+
The Etsy Edit: Creator Series
Support Maker Communities
Earth-conscious Finds
Gift cards
Shop gift cards
Redeem gift cards
Take full advantage of our site features by enabling JavaScript.
Our House Rules
Get to know Etsy's legal terms and policies
Search our policies
Search
Our House Rules
Search our policies
Search
Our House Rules
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Buyers
Sellers
Third parties
Privacy Policy
This policy took effect on July 24, 2023. Learn more about interest-based advertising and your choices
here .
What Information We Collect and Receive
How We Use Your Information and Our Legal Basis
How We Share Your Information
How We Transfer Your Information
How We Protect Your Information
How Long We Store Your Information
Your Rights & Choices
Your Responsibilities
Privacy Policy Changes
Additional Disclosures for United States Residents
How to Contact Us
At Etsy, we care deeply about privacy. We strive to be transparent about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information.
This policy explains our privacy practices for Etsy.com (which we’ll refer to as the " Site "), Etsy’s mobile applications, including the Etsy App and the Etsy Seller App (together, the " Apps "),
Etsy Payments ,
Pattern by Etsy , Etsy’s public
Application Programming Interface
(the “ API ”), and other services provided by Etsy, Inc. or Etsy Ireland UC, depending on your location (which we’ll refer to as " Etsy ," or as " we ," " us ," and " our "). We’ll use the term “ Services ” to refer collectively to the Site, the Apps, Etsy Payments, Pattern by Etsy, and the API. Learn more about interest-based advertising and your choices
here .
This policy applies to our registered buyers (“ Buyers ”) and sellers (“ Sellers ”) (together, our “ Members ”), those who purchase items on Etsy without an account (“ Guests ”) and anyone else who visits our Sites or uses our Services (together with our Members and Guests, “ you ” and “ your ”). If you are not a registered Member or a Guest, please see our Non-Member Privacy Policy for further information about how we may collect and use your personal information, available
here .
This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties (including Sellers, Pattern by Etsy users or API users) who you may choose to share information with when you use the Services. Please note that the collection and use of your information by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and terms. You should understand the privacy and security practices of any third party before you share information with them.
It is important that you understand how we use your information. You should read this policy in full, but some key points and references to help you navigate the policy are:
Our mission at Etsy is to keep human connection at the heart of commerce. We connect Buyers with Sellers that offer handmade or vintage products and craft supplies. By accepting our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, or by using any of our Services, you confirm that you have read and understand this policy, including how and why we use your information.
We collect and use your personal information to provide and improve our Services, to protect the security and integrity of our Services and to comply with our legal obligations. To learn more about what information we collect and how we use it, see
Section 1
and
Section 2
below.
We share your information with other Etsy group companies, trusted partners and service providers to provide our Services, for security purposes, to understand how you use and interact with our Services and to meet our legal obligations. To learn more, see
Section 3 .
If you are located outside of North or South America, Etsy Ireland UC is the service provider and data controller responsible for your personal information. If you are located within North or South America, Etsy, Inc. is the service provider and data controller responsible for your personal information. The contact details for both companies are set out in
Section 11 .
Other policies that are referenced below, such as the
Terms of Use
and
Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy , are available from Our House Rules page, located
here .
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or wish to exercise your rights, see
Section 11
for further information about how to contact us.
1. What Information We Collect and Receive
In the course of providing our Services, we collect and receive information that directly or indirectly relates to you (which we call your “ personal information ”) in different ways and from different sources, which we have set out below. The capitalized terms in this
Section 1
are definitions that we use throughout this Policy, so please refer back to this table as necessary.
2. How We Use Your Information and Our Legal Basis
When you access or use the Services or interact with our Sites and/or Apps, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information for the purposes described in this policy. To the extent required by applicable law, we rely on a number of legal bases to use your information in these ways. If you reside outside the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (“ UK ”) (together referred to as the “ European Region ”), the legal bases on which we rely may differ from those listed below.
3. How We Share Your Information
We share your data with third parties where necessary to perform the Services, comply with our legal obligations, or for purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including:
Publicly Displayed Information:
By using the Services, certain information about you will be publicly displayed on the Site and Apps, such as Buyer Public Profile Information and Seller Public Profile Information (as defined in
Section 2 ). Buyers and Sellers can choose to make certain information and activities private through their account or Public Profile settings. Other information connected with your use of the Services will also be publicly displayed, including the date you joined, information relating to items you review, photos or videos of items you purchased, your saved product listings that are grouped by you (“ Favorites and Collections ”), , followers, those you follow, comments you post in our community spaces, and information you decide to share via social networks. Your reviews of shops or items you’ve purchased may also be shared on other platforms and search engines, including Google.
For Sellers, some additional information will be publicly displayed. For example, your shop name or or business name associated with your account (which you may modify and update in your account settings) is publicly displayed.
Etsy Group Companies:
We may share some of the information that we collect, such as Buyer Account Information, Seller Account Information, Service Usage Information, Device and Browser Information, and Cookie Information, with our corporate affiliates, which include Etsy, Inc., Etsy Ireland UC, Etsy UK, Ltd., and other Etsy entities that help us conduct business around the world (together, the “ Etsy Group Companies ”). We do not share your personal information with our sister companies like Depop, Elo7 or Reverb. The information shared among the Etsy Group Companies may be used for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and generally to operate our business, including for ID verification purposes, transaction monitoring and payment processing or to provide customer support, facilitate business development, administer user accounts or provide IT, technical and engineering support.
Sellers:
We may share aggregated information about your use of the Services to Sellers if you are a frequent purchaser or a new Buyer, so they can provide you with better service and so we can improve our Site and Apps.
Linked Third-Party Websites or Services:
Some Members may choose to connect to Etsy or register an Etsy account using an external third-party application, such as Facebook or Google. Connecting your Etsy account to third-party applications or services is optional. If you choose to connect your account to a third-party application, the providers of those services or products may receive information about you that Etsy, you, or others share with them. Please be aware that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those sites or services.
You may also link your bank account or payment method to pay for purchases (or receive payment, in the case of Sellers in select markets) through a third-party service available through the Site or Etsy App. When you register with these third-party partners, we will tell you what information is collected and what information the third-party will share with Etsy.
Business Partners:
Etsy works closely with a number of business partners, such as our shipping and payment partners, that assist us with providing the Services in accordance with our
Terms of Use . When one of these companies assists us in facilitating your transaction, we, or they, may need to share information related to the transaction in order to complete your order. Etsy also provides services or sells products jointly with affiliated businesses, such as services that assist our Sellers with accounting or other small business management services. These affiliated businesses may sell items or services to you through the Services or offer promotions (including email promotions). In each case, these partners will process your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies and ask questions of third parties before you disclose your personal information to them.
Professional Advisors, Industry Partners, Authorities and Regulators:
We share your information described in
Section 3
with our advisors and consultants, regulators and tax authorities, law enforcement, government agencies, civil litigants, and industry partners (for example, trade groups) to:
comply with applicable law or regulations, court orders, subpoenas, legal process or government requests;
detect, investigate, prevent, or address actual or suspected fraud, violations of Etsy’s
Terms of Use , and other illegal activity or security and technical issues; and/or
protect the rights, property and safety of our Members, Etsy and the Etsy Group Companies, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Business Reorganization:
In some cases, Etsy may choose to reorganize its business. In these types of transactions (such as a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of all or substantially all of Etsy’s assets), Member information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. If Etsy intends to transfer information about you, Etsy will notify you by email or by putting a notice on the Site and the Apps.
Community Services:
We engage third parties to assist in providing Community Services, which includes the Etsy Forums and Teams, and need to share certain information about you for these purposes. This may include, for example, Buyer Public Profile Information and Seller Public Profile Information, the date that you registered on Etsy, as well as your language and regional settings on the Site. For more information, see our
Community Policy .
Service Providers:
Etsy also engages third-party companies and individuals (such as research companies, analytics services, and security providers) to help us operate, provide, and advertise the Services. These third parties have limited access to your information, may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are prohibited from disclosing or using your information for other purposes. The types of third-party service providers that we work with include:
4. How We Transfer Your Information
Etsy operates a global e-commerce platform. By using the Services, you acknowledge that Etsy will use your information in the United States, Ireland and any other country where the Etsy Group Companies operate. Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside. To the extent that Etsy is deemed to transfer personal information outside of the EEA, we rely separately, alternatively, and independently on the following legal bases to transfer your information:
Adequacy Decisions
Where available, we rely on decisions of the European Commission, known as “adequacy decisions,” recognising that certain countries offer a level of protection of personal data that is essentially equivalent to the EEA. A list of adequacy decisions is available
here
via the European Commission website.
Standard Contractual Clauses
Otherwise, we primarily rely on the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for the international and onward transfer of personal data outside of the EEA to third countries, including, for example, to the United States and India. This includes transfers from Etsy Ireland UC to Etsy, Inc. and other Etsy Group Companies. You can request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses by emailing dpo@etsy.com.
Necessary for the Performance of the Contract Between Etsy and Its Users
You can choose whether or not to use the Etsy Services. As we operate in countries worldwide and use technical infrastructure in the US to deliver the Services to you, in accordance with the contract between us (our
Terms of Use ), we transfer your personal information to the US and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the Services. Simply put, we can’t provide you with the Services and perform our contract with you without moving your personal information outside of your home country, including the UK or EEA
5. How We Protect Your Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. We protect your personal information through technical and administrative measures designed to mitigate the risk of unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or use of your data. To protect your account, we encourage you to choose your password carefully and enable two factor authentication (2FA) for signing in. You can learn more about enhancing your account security in your account settings.
We use Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise in connection with our Services to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse. reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software information, such as device and application data, and sends it to Google for purposes of providing, maintaining, and improving reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use .
6. How Long We Store Your Information
Etsy will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy, for as long as your account is active, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations under national applicable law. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis and depending on the retention laws applicable.
The following factors typically affect the retention period:
Necessity for the provision of our Services
We keep your information as long as is necessary to provide the Services to you. This includes things like maintaining and improving the performance of our Sites and Apps, keeping our Services secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. Most of our retention periods are determined on the basis of this general rule.
Consent-based processing of personal data
If we process personal data on the basis of consent (including consent to the extended storage), we store the data for as long as necessary in order to process it according to your consent or until you withdraw your consent.
Statutory, contractual or other similar obligations
Etsy will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws or our Know Your Customer (“KYC”) obligations.
Here's what we consider when we deciding how long to keep your information:
7.
Your Rights and Choices
Certain privacy laws around the world, including the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), provide users with rights and choices related to their personal information. Consistent with those laws, Etsy gives you the choice of accessing, editing, or removing certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you. In addition, subject to applicable law, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information, such as the following:
Right to Access:
You can access certain personal information associated with your account by visiting your account privacy settings. You can request a copy of your personal information in an easily accessible format, as well as information explaining how that information is used. See this
Help Center article
for more information.
Right to Portability:
You have the right to receive certain of your information which you provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit such information to another controller.
Right to Correction:
You have the right to request that we rectify any inaccurate information about you. By visiting your account settings, you can correct and change certain personal information associated with your account.
Right to Restrict Processing:
In certain cases where we process your information, you may also have the right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your personal information.
Right to Deletion:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, except information we are required to retain by law, regulation, or to protect the safety, security, rights, and integrity of Etsy. Please note that closing your account may not free up your email address, username, or shop name (if any) for reuse on a new account. See this
Help Center article
for more information.
Right to Object:
If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Right to Withdraw Consent:
Where we rely on consent, you can choose to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information using, for example, an email unsubscribe link or your account privacy preferences. If you have consented to share your precise device location details with us, you can revoke that consent through the settings on your mobile device. This is without prejudice to your right to generally permanently close your account and delete your personal information. Please be aware that withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Right to File a Complaint:
If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or state.
Right to File a Complaint:
If you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or state.
In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using this
online form .
Please see the United States Regional Privacy Policy for information about privacy rights provided under certain US state laws.
How to Exercise Your Rights and Choices.
If you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your personal information, you can do so via your Etsy account settings. Alternatively, you can exercise any of the rights above, subject to applicable law, through the contact options set out in
Section 11 . Once you contact us to exercise any of your rights, we will confirm receipt of your request. Limiting use of, or deleting, your personal information may impact features and uses that rely on that information.
Communication Choices.
You can opt out of receiving marketing emails by using the unsubscribe link in our marketing emails or through your account settings. Certain communications from Etsy are service-related or legally required and you will continue to receive them even if you opt out of marketing emails.
8. Your Responsibilities
If you are a Seller on our Services or use
Etsy’s API , you may receive certain personal information and will have legal obligations in respect of this information. Your privacy responsibilities, including when you act as an independent data controller (someone who decides what personal data to collect and the purpose you use the data for) are laid out in the
Etsy Seller Policy
and the
Etsy API Terms of Use .
9. Privacy Policy Changes
We may amend or update this policy from time to time. If we believe that the changes are material, we’ll let you know by posting the changes through the Services and sending you an email or message about the changes. We encourage you to check back regularly and review any updates.
10. Additional Disclosures for United States Residents
In certain US states, including California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut, you may be entitled to additional rights or disclosures. Please see our
United States Regional Privacy Policy , where you can learn more about how we use your information and any additional privacy rights you may have.
11. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions:
Contact Etsy’s Support team via our Help Center
Chat Support (available on our Site)
Send an email to Etsy's Data Protection Officer at dpo@etsy.com
Write to us at one of the following addresses:
In North America or South America:
Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy
117 Adams Street
Brooklyn, NY 11201, USA
Outside of North America or South America:
Etsy Support Team – Privacy Policy
66/67 Great Strand Street
Dublin 1, Ireland
Click
here
to download a PDF version of this policy.
Last updated on Aug 28, 2023
Footer
Yes! Send me exclusive offers, unique gift ideas, and personalized tips for shopping and selling on Etsy.
Enter your email
Subscribe
Loading
Captcha failed to load. Try using a different browser or disabling ad blockers.
Please enter a valid email address.
Looks like you already have an account! Please
Log in
to subscribe.
You've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your address.
Register
to confirm your address.
You've been successfully signed up!
Great! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription.
There was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter.
Etsy is powered by 100% renewable electricity.
Etsy’s 100% renewable electricity commitment includes the electricity used by the data centers that host Etsy.com, the Sell on Etsy app, and the Etsy app, as well as the electricity that powers Etsy’s global offices and employees working remotely from home in the US.
Shop
Gift cards
Etsy Registry
Sitemap
Etsy blog
Etsy United Kingdom
Etsy Germany
Etsy Canada
Sell
Sell on Etsy
Teams
Forums
Affiliates & Creators
About
Etsy, Inc.
Policies
Investors
Careers
Press
Impact
Help
Help Center
Privacy settings
Download the Etsy App
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Youtube
US
United States   |   English (US)   |   $ (USD)
© 2023 Etsy, Inc.
Terms of Use
Privacy
Interest-based ads
Local Shops
Regions
Regions Etsy does business in:
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Canada
Canada (French)
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Mexico
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
The Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States
Got it
Privacy Settings
Etsy uses cookies and similar technologies to give you a better experience, enabling things like:
basic site functions
ensuring secure, safe transactions
secure account login
remembering account, browser, and regional preferences
remembering privacy and security settings
analysing site traffic and usage
personalized search, content, and recommendations
helping sellers understand their audience
showing relevant, targeted ads on and off Etsy
Detailed information can be found in Etsy’s
Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy
and our
Privacy Policy .
Required Cookies & Technologies
Some of the technologies we use are necessary for critical functions like security and site integrity, account authentication, security and privacy preferences, internal site usage and maintenance data, and to make the site work correctly for browsing and transactions.
Always on
Personalized Advertising
To enable personalized advertising (like interest-based ads), we may share your data with our marketing and advertising partners using cookies and other technologies. Those partners may have their own information they’ve collected about you. Turning off the personalized advertising setting won’t stop you from seeing Etsy ads, but it may make the ads you see less relevant or more repetitive.
Personalized advertising may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of information under California and other state privacy laws, and you may have a right to opt out. Turning off personalized advertising allows you to exercise your right to opt out. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy. ,
Help Center , and
Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy .
On
Saved
Done
Update your settings
Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use.
Learn more.
Region
Australia
Canada
France
Germany
Greece
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
New Zealand
Poland
Portugal
Spain
The Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Republic of
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
The Netherlands
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zaire (Democratic Republic of Congo)
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Language
Deutsch
English (UK)
English (IN)
English (US)
Español
Français
Italiano
日本語
Nederlands
Polski
Português
Русский
Currency
$ United States Dollar (USD)
$ Canadian Dollar (CAD)
€ Euro (EUR)
£ British Pound (GBP)
$ Australian Dollar (AUD)
¥ Japanese Yen (JPY)
¥ Chinese Yuan (CNY)
Kč Czech Koruna (CZK)
kr Danish Krone (DKK)
$ Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)
Ft Hungarian Forint (HUF)
₹ Indian Rupee (INR)
Rp Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)
₪ Israeli Shekel (ILS)
RM Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)
$ Mexican Peso (MXN)
DH Moroccan Dirham (MAD)
$ New Zealand Dollar (NZD)
kr Norwegian Krone (NOK)
₱ Philippine Peso (PHP)
$ Singapore Dollar (SGD)
₫ Vietnamese Dong (VND)
R South African Rand (ZAR)
kr Swedish Krona (SEK)
Swiss Franc (CHF)
฿ Thai Baht (THB)
NT$ Taiwan New Dollar (TWD)
₺ Turkish Lira (TRY)
zł Polish Zloty (PLN)
R$ Brazilian Real (BRL)
Cancel
Loading
Save
Loading