Home Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Collect Information We collect your device and network connection information to provide you with a better experience when you use our applications. For a better experience, when using our services, I may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information I request will remain on your device and I will not collect it in any way.   Cookie Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Services does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their Services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service  Log Data We do not collect logs of your activity, including no logging of browsing history, traffic destinations, data content or DNS queries. We also never store connection logs, i.e. no logging of your IP address, outgoing VPN IP address, connection timestamp or session duration. The usage data we use includes information about your behavior and/or habits while using the app to analyze and improve the user experience. We do not collect content that you may transmit or share within the app. Links to Other Sites We may provide links to third-party websites. This website may also contain advertisements from other companies. When you click on a third-party link in an application, service or website, you may leave the application, service or website. We do not collect your information through this Privacy Policy and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to applications, services or otherwise accessed website. The inclusion of links or accessibility to third-party websites does not imply our endorsement of such third-party websites.  Security We are very concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access and use. Please note that no security measures we take to protect your information can absolutely guarantee protection against unauthorized access or use of information that is impenetrable to you. Children Policy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.  Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violation of this policy or misuse of the app, service or website, please contact us at linglimaninhk@126.com. Changes to This Privacy Policy Any information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify the Policy from time to time. If such change has been made, we will provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of our app or services following the change of the Policy will mean you accept those changes. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse