Privacy Policy - Melooha Check out all the latest updates from Melooha here! About Us Testimonials Blogs Contact Us Coming Soon Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is in continuation of the Term and Conditions on our Platform (as defined below) and shall be read with the same. Please note that all the capitalized terms used in this Policy (as defined herein-below) and not defined here shall have the same meaning as ascribed to it in Terms and Conditions. M/S. ASTROVERSE TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED, a private company incorporated under provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and having its registered office at Plot No. 63, Flat No. 702, Shivaji Nagar, Shankar Nagar, Dharampeth Extension, Nagpur, Maharashtra — 440010 (“Melooha”, “We”, “Us” or “Our”) is a pioneering cloud-based web platform that enables their customers (“Clients”, “You”, “Your” or “User”) to services as provided in our Terms and Conditions. These Services are made available to you through our website ‘melooha.com’, which shall be inclusive of any other website, as well as media channel, mobile website or mobile application related, linked or other connected thereto, which is owned by us (“Platform”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines our practices and policies, the kinds of information we may collect from you when you access or use the Platform, the reasons for and methods for collection, use and disclose the information we gather from you for your use of the Platform, as well as security practises and procedures for safeguarding your privacy in relation to information shared with us. You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Policy by accessing and using the Platform, which will be deemed to create a legal contract between you and Melooha. This Policy must also be read in conjunction with and construed in accordance with all applicable laws of the country from which you access and use the Platform, including the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation, the (Indian) Information Technology Act, 2000 ("IT Act"), and other similar laws as recognised in your jurisdiction. This Policy is officially recognised as an electronic contract between Melooha and you. We reserves the right to amend, change or update this Policy to our discretion. You agree to be bound by any updated policies with your continued access and/or use of our Platform and subsequently our Services after any such changes have been duly notified in any form to you. Any such changes to the policy will be notified to your registered email address with us. We recommend you update your details with your active and correct email address for smooth communication. We will not be liable in case the registered email is inactive, incorrect or not updated for any claims regarding and not limited to communication gaps, liabilities and legal claims with regard to this policy. Definitions In compliance with jurisdictional compliances, we have listed an exhaustive list of information repeatedly defined and referenced in this policy. 1. The term "Account" shall have the same meaning as has been provided under the Terms and Conditions. 2. "Non-personal Identification Information" shall include but is not limited to browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your means of connection to the Platform such as the operating system, the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information used in conjecture with the access or use of the Platform and subsequently the Services available thereof. 3. “Personal Identification Information” shall include such information which shall be voluntarily shared by you, in any format whereby such information shall be deemed to ascertain a person’s identity, or can be reasonably ascertained, from the information or opinion including, but not limited to, when you visit the Platform and conduct any such activity whereby you shall share be required to share such information, regardless of whether the information provided is true or not. Further, it shall be inclusive of but not limited to the information such as name, email address, phone number, and residential address disclosed by you pursuant to creation of an Account, use or access of the Platform and further the Services. In the event that you do not consent to share your Personal Identification Information with us, then you shall be freely allowed to do so, but it may prevent us from providing complete and full access and/or use of the Platform and the services thereof. 4. "Sensitive personal data or information"/"SPDI" shall mean to include information relating to you, which directly or indirectly, is capable of identifying you including but not limited to: (i) credentials for use of the Platform; (ii) financial information; (iii) physical, physiological and mental health condition; (iv) sexual orientation; (v) medical records and history; (vi) any biometric information; and (vii) any other information which is considered as a sensitive personal data or information under the applicable law in your state.
Non-personal Identification Information, Personal Identification Information and SPDI shall together be referred to as "Information". 5. "Third Party" shall refer to any party other than you and Melooha. Information Collected For the access and/or use of the Services, we have listed a list of the information we shall collect from you: 6. Information that you voluntarily provide us:
This will include all the information that you provide us when access and/or using the Platform, which will include but shall not be limited to information you might provide us for the creation of your Account, additional Information providing during and/or for the provision of Services. 7. Information collected from Third-Party Sites:
You may also register for an Account using your existing Instagram, Facebook or Gmail or similar Third Party accounts and log-in credentials (your "Third-Party Site Account"). As part of the functionality of the Platform, you may link your Account with Third Party Site Accounts, by either: (i) providing your Third Party Site Account login information to us through the Platform or (ii) allowing us to access your Third Party Site Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third Party Site Account. It shall be your responsibility to read and update yourself with the policies of Third Party Site Account from time to time. 8. Cookie Policy:
A cookie is a tiny bit of data that a web server stores on a web browser to read it later from that browser. Cookies help the browser remember information that is unique to a particular user. No information that can be used to identify you personally is stored in the cookies. Our cookies aid in extending the functionality of the website and aid in more precise usage analysis. Every time you visit our Platform, we'll check your browser to see if our cookies—which save details like whether you've previously visited the Platform and your preferences for it—are there. You may set your internet browser to reject cookies or to notify you when cookies are being used if you'd prefer not to receive them. However, turning off cookies will prevent the great bulk of our Platform from working, and making your browser "warn" you when cookies are used will make you less likely to use our Platform. Melooha does not provide third party access to any cookie and do not disclose information from cookies to third parties except the information previously listed. 9. Sensitive Personal Data or Information (“SPDI”):
For the sake of accuracy in providing services on the Platform, you may additionally be asked to reveal or affirm certain SPDI, including but not limited to specifics of your health condition or medical history, etc. Depending on how you engage with the Platform, different types of Information may be gathered from you. The Company promises to protect the information you supply while adhering to reasonable security policies and procedures and any relevant privacy laws.. The following is the data that may be collected from you based upon your usage and access to the Platform: 10. Aggregated Data:
The Company may perform research on its customers' demographics, interests, locations, and usage patterns of the Services based on the Personal Data and other information submitted to us in a continuing attempt to better understand and serve Users of the Services. We may aggregate this research and use it for any reason, including distributing the results to our affiliates, agents, and business partners. Your personal information is not contained in this aggregate data. To describe our services to existing and potential business partners as well as to other third parties for other legitimate objectives, we may also divulge aggregated user statistics. 11. Device and Usage Information:
While you use the Service, we might gather data about your device. Device type, device family, operating system, carrier, unique device id, time zones, browser type, version, and language are some examples of this data. We might keep track of the things you do when using the Service. These details may include the date and time of logins, the features used or visited, latitude, longitude, and searches conducted through the Service. 12. Push Notifications:
In relation to your Account or the Platform, we might ask to send you push notifications. You can disable these communications in your device's settings if you prefer not to receive them. 13. Verification of Information:
We at certain times require you to provide additional information for confirmation of your identity for the access to your own Information as previously may have been provided to us. Upon the exercise of the right remove any and all information provided to us by you, we shall ask for additional information for verification purposes. Use of Personal Data and Other Collected Information 14. Melooha adheres to this Policy while using the Personal Data you supply. If you give us personal information for a particular reason, we will use it in connection with that particular reason. For instance, if you email us, we'll use the Personal Data you send to get back to you and see if we can't fix the issue. 15. Other than as described above, we will notify you when we wish to provide Information about you to any Third Parties and give you the opportunity to choose not to share that Information. You have the option to allow or deny us to share such Information with a Third-Party, but in event, you deny us such permission, we might not be able to provide the full extent of our Services. It shall be your responsibility to keep us updated and duly informed of any change in email for the receipt of any information as mentioned herein for the purpose of consent. Disclosure of Collected Information Melooha hereby represents that it does not sell or involve itself in businesses related to selling information. The company assures you that such disclosure is encrypted to avoid access and leaks and is acceptable under all data privacy and protection laws worldwide. The exceptions are listed as follows: 16. Business Transfers:
Your Personal Data and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction. Personal Data may be included in the transferred assets in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganisation, dissolution, or another similar event. 17. Service Requirements:
In order to create personalised insights about you based on astrological positions on a regular basis (referred to as "Personal Readings") the Company may use your Personal Data. Your username and profile photo will be included in your Personal Readings and Compatibility Readings, but your gender, date of birth, or place of birth will not be disclosed. The AI service will have access to all your personal information as previously defined, and will have access to your answers for the best results. Such information will not be disclosed in any way. 18. Requirement under applicable law:
The Information may be disclosed to any person, if such disclosure is required for a lawful purpose connected with a function or activity of Platform. The Personal Information may be disclosed, where the disclosure is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation under applicable law.   Security 19. We work hard to protect your information against unauthorised access, unlawful alteration, disclosure, or destruction. We also work to maintain its security, integrity, and privacy. To protect data and to aid in preventing unauthorised access, we put in place the necessary physical, electronic, and managerial safeguards. As no method of data transmission or protection is 100% safe, we cannot guarantee perfect security. Additionally, we are not liable for any security lapses or the deeds of any Third Parties who obtain your information, due to uncontrollable internal and external factors. 20. Password protection is a crucial component of the security of your information. You must take care not to reveal your account login information to any other parties and must keep your login information, including your password, private. You are ultimately in charge of protecting the confidentiality of your Account login details, even though we will take everything to ensure the highest level of security for your information. If you suspect someone else knows your password, you discover unauthorised use of your account, or you become aware of any other security lapses, kindly let us know right away. 21. We restricts access to personal information to those of its employees who: we need it to fulfil its obligations under this Policy and agreements concluded with us; (ii) have received the necessary and ongoing training on how to process, handle, and care for personal information; and (iii) are subject to confidentiality obligations as required by applicable law. The Company takes measures to make sure that any employees who have access to personal data are trustworthy, capable and regularly trained. We also hold documentation regarding compliances. 22. Melooha cannot guarantee security in transfers and transactions of your information through the means of the internet. We suggest you ensure to take adequate safety practices to protect your personal information as information on and through the internet is not fully secure. Any unauthorised use of your personal information or any suspicious activity on your account is not our responsibility and cannot be held against us. By utilising our Platform, you acknowledge and accept that we are not responsible for any disclosure of your information caused by transmission mistakes or unauthorised acts of third parties. Exclusions 23. Minors and Users below the age of 18: We reserve the right to terminate accounts of minors who are using our services if we believe the environment around our platform is not safe for a minor, at our discretion. Children under the age of 13 are not deliberately given their personal information by Melooha. Please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services if you are under the age of 13, as you will not be allowed to utilise the Services. Please get in touch with us if you think a child under the age of 13 may have provided Melooha with Personal Data through the Services, and we'll do our best to remove that data from our records. 24. Any Personal Data that the company collects other than Personal Data collected through the Services is not covered by this Policy. Any unsolicited information you send to us via the Services or by any other method is not covered by this privacy policy. This includes, but is not limited to, information submitted informally (collectively, "Unsolicited Information") and posted in any public parts of the Services, such as forums, as well as suggestions for brand-new products or improvements to current ones. All unsolicited information will be regarded as non-confidential, and we may be allowed to distribute, disclose, and utilise it without restriction or credit. Link to Third Parties 25. Only the Services are covered by this privacy statement. The Services may link to other Third-Party websites or mobile applications (the "Third-Party Applications") that are not under The company’s control or operation. Such websites and Third-Party Applications are not covered by this Policy. The privacy policies of any Third-Party Websites or Mobile Applications are not our responsibility and you shall be responsible for reading and updating yourself with the terms and condition and privacy policy of such Third-Party platforms. 26. As previously mentioned, you have the option to login through the Third-Party Site such as Facebook, Gmail, Twitter, etc. Please be informed that by choosing to access our Platform through this Third-Party Sites, you will be provided an option share your information as contained under those Third Parties Site accounts and you have an option to opt out from sharing such information with baring such information which is essential for us to allow you access to use our Services and access our Platform. It shall be your responsibility to update yourself with the terms of use and privacy policy of the Third Party Site for the protection of your data. 27. There may be links on the Platform to other programmes or websites. You accept and recognise that these applications and websites, with the exception of other platforms owned by us, are run by Third Parties and are not under our control, affiliated with, or associated with us unless clearly stated. As a result, we have no control over the privacy practises or policies of the software and websites that can be accessed via links from this Platform. You should get in touch with the organisations in charge of those websites directly if you have any questions about the privacy practises and policies of those Third Party platforms. Amending or Updating User Information 28. You have the right to request access to the information we have about you. Even though there may be some exceptions, we shall grant access to the Information in compliance with the relevant legislation. For allowing access to information, we reserve the right to charge a fee. Additionally, we'll make a good-faith effort to accurately capture the data you give us, including any modifications. You have the right to review, modify, and update the information we have on file about you. You may also ask us to remove any of your personal data that is unreliable, irrelevant, or processed unlawfully in light of any applicable laws. Your ability to inspect, correct, and delete your information is also governed by any statutory retention obligations as well as any applicable legislation. Rights of Users 29. You fully accept and agree that your Personal Data and other information will be processed in the India and other countries if you are using Melooha’s Services from outside of India. Laws governing privacy and data security may differ from or be less strict than those in force in your country of residency. You hereby give your explicit approval for this Policy to be followed in the processing of your Personal Data and other data.
30. Users have various data protection rights with respect to the personal information about them that businesses and organisations may gather under UK and EU legislation. We value openness and are dedicated to upholding all of its users' privacy rights. Each user of our services has the following rights: The Right to Access: You have the right to request copies of your personal data, subject to a small fee charged by us. The Right to Rectification: In the event of any inaccurate or incomplete information, you have the right to rectification or completion of the information, as the case may be. The Right to Erasure: Subject to certain conditions, upon your request, we allow to erase any information as provided by you. The Right to Restrict Processing: Upon fulfilment of certain conditions, you can restrict Melooha from processing your information. Please be advised that the same may result in the restriction of the complete services and access to our Platform. The Right to Notification: You have the right to be notified regarding any rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. The Right to Data Portability: You have the right to request that Melooha transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. The Right to Object to Processing: You have the right to object to Melooha processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The Right to Certain Protections related to Automated Individual Decision-making, including Profiling: You have the right not to be the subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, under certain conditions. 31. You are recognized to exercise your rights as per the applicable law of your respective state.
User Declarations 32. You understand and have the knowledge that Information is being collected. 33. You understand and have the knowledge of the purpose for which your Information is being collected. 34. You understand and have the knowledge of the indented recipients of the information. 35. You understand that you have the option not to provide the data or information sought to be collected by Company and the Website.
36. You understand that your have an option (while availing the services of Melooha or accessing the Platform or otherwise) to withdraw my consent earlier given to Melooha and you understand and accept that such withdrawal of your consent shall be sent in writing and in such an event Melooha shall have the right, at its discretion, to not provide the services for which the information was derived / collected. 37. You read and have understood this Privacy Policy and all other policies governing the usage of the Platform. Grievanc Redressal 38. Grievances in relation to this policy can be sent to Vikram Labhe. 39. Grievance letters can be mailed at vikram@melooha.com.
BY AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY, YOU AGREE TO OUR PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES GIVEN HEREIN. World's Most Accurate Astrology Engine. Contact Us The Team Join Us Add a Review FAQs Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Get latest updates by subscribing to our newsletter right now! Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Coming Soon Coming Soon © 2023 Astroverse Technologies Private Limited Read our latest blog now! Unveiling Melooha : The Revolutionary Astrology Platform Read Now