Presto Privacy Policy Networks Fleets Drivers About us FAQ Welcome to Presto, the website and mobile service of ChargePass, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Presto (“Presto,” “we,” or “us”). This page explains the terms by which you may use our online and/or mobile services, website, and software provided on or in connection with our electric vehicle (EV) charging app and related services (collectively the “Service”). By accessing or using the Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Terms of Service Agreement (“Agreement”) and the Presto Privacy Policy [https://www.prestocharging.com/privacypolicy], whether or not you are a registered user of the Service. This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service in any way (each a “User” or “you”). If you and Presto have executed a written agreement governing your access to and use of the Service, then the terms of such signed agreement will control to the extent that it conflicts with this Agreement. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH LEGAL ENTITY TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THIS AGREEMENT APPLIES TO SUCH ENTITY WHICH IS DEEMED THE USER. PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND EACH PROVISION. THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A MANDATORY ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS. THIS IS A CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND PRESTO. YOUR USING THE PRESTO SERVICE INDICATES THAT YOU INTEND TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE. Use of the Service Presto Service Presto, via the Service, provides mobile solutions for electric vehicle fleets to enable drivers to find chargers, start a charge, and pay for charging. You are hereby granted a personal, non-exclusive, limited, freely revocable license to use the Service as permitted by the features of the Service and in accordance with all applicable terms. Presto reserves all rights in the Service not expressly granted herein. Presto may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason. Scope Supplemental terms and conditions may apply to some aspects of the Service, such as rules for a particular promotion, service or other activity, or terms that may accompany certain content or services that are accessible through the Service. Any supplemental terms and conditions are in addition to these terms and, in the event of a conflict, prevail over these terms with respect to the subject matter of the supplemental terms. The Service is not available to Users previously removed from the Service by Presto. Privacy Policy This “Presto Privacy Policy” (or “Privacy Policy“) applies to https://www.prestocharging.com/ (the “Site”), which is owned and operated by ChargePass, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Presto  (“Company,” “Presto,” “we” or “us”) and our electric vehicle (EV) charging app and related services (collectively, with the Site, the “Service”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose personally identifying information (“Personal Information”) gathered through the Site and Service and our business generally. This Privacy Policy is subject to and incorporates by reference the Terms of Service (located here: https://www.prestocharging.com/termsofservice). We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice to you. You should check here periodically to review the current Privacy Policy, which is effective as of the revision date listed below. Your use of the Service, including visits to the Site, constitutes acceptance and understanding of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to workforce-related personal information collected from job applicants. ‍ ‍ I. Personal Information – collection and uses     a. Categories of Personal Information Presto collects
We directly collect the following types of information, including Personal Information, through the Service: Driver and fleet administrator profile information (name, email address and phone number); Precise geolocation information if enabled by you within the Service or via the settings on your mobile device;
Vehicle type and commercial information like charging session information and user history (charge location, charge delivered, frequency etc.);
Personal Information contained in content posted by you to the Service (such as comments, suggestions, feedback, and reviews);
Internet or network activity information, such as your IP address, type of browser, version of operating system, carrier and/or manufacturer, device identifiers, and mobile advertising identifiers;
Any other Personal Information you submit through the Service, including during interactions with our support team, or to us in the form of an email. Presto may also collect Personal Information indirectly. We may automatically collect through the Service information that is often not personally identifying, such as the website from which visitors came to the Service, the visitor’s IP address, browser type, device model and version, and other information relating to the device through which they access the Service. We may combine this information with the Personal Information we have collected directly from you.  We may also collect information provided by marketing service providers or data resellers whose data Presto uses for marketing or research. ‍ b. Presto’s uses of Personal Information i. Storage, processing and retention We store and use Personal Information in various ways, including as follows: To provide the features and functionality of the Service, enabling mobile solutions for electric vehicle fleets to connect drivers with charging resources;
We use precise geolocation information to provide the Service, including to (i) show chargers near you, (ii) help route you to a charging station you’ve selected, and (iii) prompt you to initiate charging if your location is shown at the selected station.
To authenticate users of the Service;
To provide customer support;
To respond to requests or inquiries; To effectuate or enforce a transaction or agreement;
To adjust offerings or services provided by us to you; To provide you with information about our products and services that we believe you may find of interest, including to send you mailing lists, and marketing and promotional e-mails; To improve the Service and offerings or services provided by us and to better understand how users access and use the Service and offerings provided by us. For clarity, we do not make any warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will be able to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access to, or alteration of Personal Information you provide to us. You make any disclosure of Personal Information to us at your own risk. Presto retains your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. We retain account information for the life of the account if such data is necessary to provide the Service. We retain tax-related data for seven years to comply with tax law. We will delete your information following your request (see Section III.b.iii below), unless retaining certain data elements is necessary for safety, security, fraud prevention, or similar issues.
‍ ii. Cookies, Beacons and Analytics When you interact with the Service, we strive to make your experience easy and meaningful. The Service may use technology, some of which may belong to third parties, such as cookies, web beacons (clear GIFs, web bugs) and similar technologies to track user activity and collect site data. We may combine this data with the Personal Information we have collected from you. ‍ 1. Cookies We (including third parties we work with) may use cookies to track visitor or user activity on the Service. A cookie is a text file that a website transfers to your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Our cookies assign a random, unique number to each visitor’s computer. They do not contain information that would personally identify the visitor, although we can associate a cookie with any identifying information that is or has been provided to us while visiting the Site or using the Service. We use cookies that remain on your computer for a specified period of time or until they are deleted (persistent cookies). We may also use cookies that exist only temporarily during an online session (session cookies) – these cookies allow us to identify you temporarily as you move through the Site or Service. Most browsers allow users to refuse cookies but doing so may impede the functionality of some portions of the Service. ‍ 2. Web Beacons Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, Web beacons are embedded invisibly on webpages and may not be disabled or controlled through your browser. ‍ 3. Third Parties As noted, we may also engage third parties to track and analyze activity within the Service on our behalf. To do so, these third parties may place cookies or web beacons to track user activity within the Service. We use the data collected by such third parties to administer and improve the quality of the Service, analyze usage of the Service, and provide a more enhanced user experience within the Service, such as personalizing and delivering relevant offers and content based on user activity within the Site.
‍ II. Sharing Personal Information with third parties
We may share or disclose Personal Information to third parties for the following purposes: To provide the Service. We may share information that may be considered Personal Information with charging station partners, most commonly in connection with customer service issues. Some charging networks require unique customer identifiers that may be combined with other information chargers collect, including type of car, range, location of charging station, and charge acquired. We also share anonymized charging session information with charging partners.
We may share information that may be considered Personal Information with fleet partners (for example, your car rental company or your employer if you are driving an employee vehicle) most commonly in connection with customer service issues. Depending on the relationship between driver and fleet, this may include only anonymized charging session or promo usage information, or may include identifying information such as the driver’s name, phone number, location of charging station, and content the driver shares with us (e.g. reviews and ratings).  When you use a fleet promo code or link, you are authorizing us to share your charging use with that fleet.
We may share Personal Information with service providers who help us provide the Service; for example, providers who host our infrastructure or furnish payment processing or navigation services.
To provide you with information relating to products or services that we believe you may find of interest.
With marketing partners and platforms, including social media advertising services, advertising networks, third-party data providers, and other service providers to reach or better understand our users and measure advertising effectiveness.
In response to a subpoena or other legal process by a governmental entity or third party, or if otherwise required by law.
To protect or enforce our rights including with respect to our assets and properties; for example, around an insurance claim or the resolution of a dispute.   In the event of the sale or dissolution (bankruptcy) of assets, in whole or in part, of our business or any of its affiliates.
‍ III. Your choices and rights around your Personal Information a. User settings Presto endeavors to minimize the Personal Information that it processes. You can configure your settings to further minimize your data footprint:
Opt out of marketing communications; Opt out of notifications related to charging activities;
Make use of browser settings to reject unnecessary cookies;
Turn off geolocation information through your device or Presto’s Settings page; or Elect not to provide Presto with vehicle information.
You can also use the Account Settings page to update your information or contact Presto Customer Service to have it updated for you.
‍ b. Your rights You have the following rights with respect to your Personal Information that is processed by Presto. To exercise these rights, contact
privacy@prestocharging.com .
1. Access. You have the right to know what Personal Information belonging to you we have collected.
2. Correction. You have the right to correct any incorrect Personal Information that we have on file.
3. Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information. We may not be able to delete every record—for instance, if you make a deletion request and we are required to keep such data for anti-fraud or security reasons or to comply with record retention requirements.
4. Opt-out of sales, sharing and profiling. Presto does not sell your Personal Information or share it for the purposes of targeted advertising or profiling.   5. Opt-out of direct marketing communications. You have the right to opt out of marketing communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right at any time by following the opt-out link or instructions included in our marketing emails.  Alternatively, or to opt out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us at privacy@prestocharging.com. Please note that it may take a few business days for us to process opt-out requests and we will need to retain your Personal Information on a suppression list to honor your opt-out request. If you opt-out of receiving marketing emails or promotions, we will still send you service-based emails where requested by you, or in reference to other customer service purposes in accordance with this Privacy Policy. ‍ IV. Other topics a. User content The Service allow users to post information. Any information that you post to the Service becomes public information and may be viewable by other users, as well as visitors to the Site. In addition, your name, as well as other optional information you choose to submit along with the information you post, will be publicly displayed along with your comment or blog. We are not responsible for the privacy of any information that you choose to post to the Service, or for the accuracy of any information contained in those postings. Your posting of any content to any of the Site is subject to our Terms of Service. b. Third-party links The Site contains links to other, third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for any aspect of such third-party websites. c. Communication policy We may use your email address or phone number to communicate with you about orders you have placed, inquiries you have made about our products and services, or information you have shared with us. We may send you communications from time to time about information that we believe may be of interest to you. We may also send you news and offers about our products and services, or those of our chosen partners. Examples include, but are not limited to, our blog, newsletter, information about special offers, or other products or offerings. If, at any time, you would like to stop receiving these promotional messages, you may follow the opt-out instructions contained in any such message or contact privacy@prestocharging.com. Please note that it may take a few business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving emails or promotions, we still may send you e-mails to you in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as requested by you, or in reference to other customer service purposes. d. International users The Service is hosted in the United States. If you are accessing the Service from outside the United States, by providing your information to the Service, you are consenting to and authorizing the transfer of your information to the United States for storage, use, processing, maintenance and onward transfer of such information to other entities, regardless of their location, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service. For clarity, and as outlined in the Terms of Service, you are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning the Service. ‍ V. Updates to this policy Presto may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should review this page periodically. When we change the Privacy Policy in a material manner, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page. Your continued use of the Service after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Privacy Policy, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service. ‍ VI. How to contact us We encourage your questions and comments about any privacy concerns. Please direct them to us by an email to
privacy@prestocharging.com . Last Revised: June 26, 2023 ‍ ‍ Copyright
Chargepass Inc Powering magical charging experiences for fleets and their drivers Learn more Fleets CPOs Drivers Fleet FAQs Driver FAQs Our Mission Team Careers Investors Get the App Follow Us © 2023 ChargePass, Inc. All rights reserved Terms of Service Privacy Policy