Privacy Policy
Tele
Privacy Policy
Tele Now Privacy Policy
This privacy policy of the mobile application Tele Now for Android and IOS devices that was created by TongSoft software.
Tele Now requires users login to our system using Google account. Users are able to use
credits on all their devices.
1. Use Google account to quickly log in to Tele Now without password verification
Tele Now users can log in to our system with a Google account. We use Google firebase auth to manage user accounts, and use email as the only credential for quick login. At the same time, firebase will generate a unique user ID. We will only read the account email address information. We will not read the information. The email information is used to bind the account balance and send you
status notifications. At the same time, you can also choose to receive notifications or close them in the app.
At the same time, we may back up your App data to a cloud disk with the consent of the user, to facilitate backup and storage, while ensuring that the App data will not be lost, and you can restore the backup data to the application next time you use it.
If you don’t want to use our application, you can also contact us to delete your account. We will strictly abide by the relevant requirements of Google’s privacy policy and encrypt your application data.
2. Users can also choose to use email to log in and register, and they need to enter the account and password options
The validation Google account process will be done by Google firebase server, Tele Now will receive the result from Google server.
Device identifiers. When you use a mobile device (a tablet or a phone) to access our App, we may access, ect or monitor one or more “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. Device identifier provides reports or personalized content and ads.
3. android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
Read the contacts in the mobile phone system: The contact information in the mobile phone will be read and stored in the app, which is convenient for users to use. All contact data is stored locally, and the user can control to open or close the permissions. Permissions are optional and can be enabled as needed.
What data can be processed:
type of your mobile device and operational system version which is installed on your mobile device;
region information of your mobile device;
region associated with your SIM card;
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address;
Identity For Advertisers / Advertising ID which is a string of numbers and letters that identifies your individual smartphone or tablet.
Cookies and similar technologies. When you use the App, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, scripts to collect information about how you use our App and provide features to you. A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you access the App. The text file is then sent back to our server each time you use the App. This enables us to operate the App more effectively. For example, we will know how many users access a specific areas or features within our App and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our App is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you. We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to the App, which may use cookies or similar technologies.
This program should include the firebase SDK developed by Google, including account registration and login, Push information, simultaneous management of credit, etc., and the use of the Google admob advertising SDK. Your important account information is stored in Google.
For the privacy policy for the use of Google SDK, please go to https://policies.google.com
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
The necessary permissions for you to make and receive calls. If you deny it, you will not be able to use the application
Storage read and write permissions
Used to store the directory data of the application, such as recordings, picture files, etc.
What data we collect
We only collect data to operate call service. Below is data that we collect when you using Tele Now
Account information
When signing up to Tele Now, you provide us your email and password. Your password is encrypted. We cannot read your password.
1. The email is used to identify you.
2. We send you the latest status and service information of the application through this email..
3. Through this email, we will send you call information, etc., as well as some personalized settings
4. We may notify you by email important events of . Example: the expiration of your phone number.
5. You are able to use this email to login on all your devices.
Usage data
We store your sessions, device types (device model, OS version), actions and error messages in order to maintain and improve our service.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy latest update.
Contact us
If you have any question about Tele Now privacy. Please contact us at    telenow@tongsoftinfo.com.