Home Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy Policy We are welcome and know very well that privacy is very important and it's very useful for users and our company. This privacy Policy applies to your use of all applications on all platforms that you use very well. We made this privacy for our innocent user and understand the policy which information we collect and after this information which purpose is your information we use and share. When you use our application that services we provide you sanction the privacy practices explained in this privacy policy. This
Privacy Policy covers your collecting information, use and exposure of your given information through the use of this application, the service and sites we provide. We do not expose you given information to any third parties and social media like Facebook. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the site belong to their respective owners. A.
Which Information we are collect A. We do not collect your personal information. In the personal information that identifies you indenty our yourself your name, location, physical addresses, email address, telephone numbers, FAX, SSN, information stored within your device and other information that identify your identity using this application or site. B. We collect only your versions of phone model and other similar information not for long term and we do not share this information with any third party. We may collect Non-personal identification information about users when users use our apps. We Collect information such as the type of phone. 1.Session and Usage Data. “Session and Usage Data” in that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information nor does it include Content you may transmit or share through the use of an Application(such as you Contact, photos, calendar appointments, etc). In Session and usage data collect the information like Connection request, Server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, Quality of service and date time and location of the bump, 2. Log Dae. When you use our application and interact with us our systems may automatically use your unique User Device number and the dates or time you use. (“Log Data”). 3. Aggregate Information. “Aggregate Information ” means how you use the Application. This information helps us understand trends in our users. In this information we create better and new features. B.
Use of Collected Information. a.
We do not collect your personal information or we may not use your personal information in any way. b.
Non Personal Information. We use Non-Personal information for any purpose as below: 1.
We use non personal information to check the customer interest, demographics, and other trends which the users want. 2.
We use non personal information to develop new features in our applications. We improve, maintain and modify the application through the use of non personal information. 3.
For Permuting and marketing our business we use non personal information. C.
How Your Personal Information May Be Disclosed. a.
We use only session and usage Data internally to serve our maximum advantages of the applications. We do not store your personal information and therefore we do not expose your personal information. b.
Non-Personal Information. We may disclose non personal information to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws. We do not combine Non-Personal. Information with personal information such as combining your name with your unique user device number. D.
Third- Party Sites We provide the link to third party web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you use and click on any third party website our application is closed and we cannot expose your information. We do not  share the information of your password etc. E.
Users With Whom You Share Your Information We cannot control the actions that are performed by the users for share his and her information to another user using this application or use any other application or third party link. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures. F.
Security We are
very concerned about the security and confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information are absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your non personal information which is impassable. G.
International Users. For international users we collect the information and store this information for future use. We facilities in these countries use the collected information. If you object to your personal information being transferred or used as described in this policy, please do not use any application and delete all applications from your user devices. H.
California Residents California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Please reference your request as "California Disclosure Information." I.
Sensitive Information. We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application or otherwise to us. Contact US / Violations and Reporting If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, please contact us at
dreamapps926@gmail.com K. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right, at our sole good judgment, to change, modify or otherwise adjust this Policy at any time. You must analyze this Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse