Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
It is SecretMate's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to
SecretMate app
(SecretMate, "us", "we",). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Information We Collect
It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with any
products or services. This website collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc. which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
In addition,SecretMate may have the occasion to collect non-personal anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, household income, political affiliation, race and religion, as well as the type of browser you are using, IP address, or type of operating system, which will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
Gathering of
Information
Certain visitors to SecretMate's websites choose to interact with SecretMate in ways that require SecretMate to gather Personal Information. The amount and type of information that SecretMate gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up to provide a username and email address.
How We Use the Information We Collect
1. 1.How We Use Personal Information: We may use your email address and your other personal information to help us efficiently operate the Services, to contact you in connection with your membership and other activities on the Site (including, but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship with our site), and to forward messages to you from other SecretMate users. These types of communications are known as "Operational Communications." To operate the Services, we may share your personal information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, email origination, receipt or support services, and customer relationship management services. We require these entities not to use your information for any other purpose. Besides, any third party with whom we are allowed to share your personal information is authorized to use your personal information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions. Those who contact you will need to be instructed directly by you regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. Please read the information below under the heading "Special Cases in which we Share Personal and Financial Information" to learn more ways where we may share your personal information. 2. 2.How We Use Financial Information: To process purchases, we may require your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information. We use your financial information to, if applicable, check your qualifications and to bill you our service. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that uses financial information, on the Site, you consent to our providing your financial information to our service providers and to such third parties as we determine are necessary to support and process your activities and transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process and support the transaction or activity. 3. 3.Location Information and Services: This Service includes location based services and features. These features are used to connect you to other users based upon your geographic location, and provide other services that personalize your experience. To implement these features we collect your location data, including but not limited to GPS data, WiFi data, and cell tower data. 4. 4.Special Cases in which we Share Personal and Financial Information: Your personal information, Certified Financial Information or financial information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy or to comply with the law or to protect the interests or safety of
SecretMate or other visitors to the Site. 5. 5.How We Use Public Information and Other Demographic Information: We may review all your demographic information. We may use public information to enable other users to determine whether they are a match for you and to communicate with you. We may use demographic information to tailor the Service and cater to your interests. In addition, we may also use the information you provided during registration, to automatically set up an email account for you at the registered Service, so that you can make online dating and social networking more convenient and secure.
Disclosure of Information
HookU may not use or disclose the information provided by you except under the following circumstances:
as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered;
in other ways described in this Policy or to which you have otherwise consented;
in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined;
as required by law, or in response to a subpoena or search warrant;
to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;
as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;
as necessary to maintain, safeguard and preserve all the rights and property of SecretMate.
Protection of Certain Personal Information
SecretMate discloses
Personal Information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on SecretMate's behalf or to provide services available at SecretMate's website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using SecretMate's website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. SecretMate will not rent or sell Personal Information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, SecretMate discloses Personal Information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when SecretMate believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of SecretMate, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of SecretMate and have supplied your email address, SecretMate may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with SecretMate and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. SecretMate takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of Personal Information.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Retention
Because many users tend to use our service at different points of their relationship-seeking life, we retain your personal information for continued service and convenience purposes until you advise us not to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may retain personal information in order to comply with applicable laws, keep accurate records, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, enforce our Terms or other agreements, or for any other legally permissible purpose.
Children's Privacy
We require users to be at least 18 years of age. We do not intend for anyone under the age of 18 to use any of the features or services we offer from SecretMate Services, and we certainly do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 18 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children's privacy online.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, SecretMate uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. SecretMate uses cookies to help SecretMate identify and track visitors, their usage of SecretMate app, and their website access preferences. SecretMate visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using SecretMate's websites, with the drawback that certain features of SecretMate's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to SecretMate's use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, SecretMate may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SecretMate's sole discretion. SecretMate encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via support@secretmateapp.com .