Contact Us
Home EV Rescue & Recovery App Contact Us Privacy Policy More Home EV Rescue & Recovery App Contact Us Privacy Policy Home EV Rescue & Recovery App Contact Us Privacy Policy EV- Clever EV- Clever EV- Clever EV- Clever Your one stop reference guide for all electric vehicle rescue & recovery
Your one stop reference guide for all electric vehicle rescue & recovery
Your one stop reference guide for all electric vehicle rescue & recovery
Your one stop reference guide for all electric vehicle rescue & recovery
Contact Us Drop us a line! Name Email* Send This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply. Contact Us For more info on electric vehicle classes or towing & recovery supplies -
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy for EV Clever App Effective Date: 10/13/2023
Thank you for using EV Clever App. ("we," "us," or "our"). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our mobile application (the "Application"). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Application.
1. Information We Collect We may collect the following information when you use the Application: Location Information: We collect precise location data from your device to provide accurate information for Electric Vehicles and applicable State legislation based on your location. We only collect this information with your consent and DO NOT SHARE OR DISTRIBUTE YOUR LOCATION TO ANY THIRD PARTIES OR TO USE FOR TRACKING OR ADVERTISING PURPOSES!.
Personal Data: We may collect personal data such as your email address,  name, age, payment info, User & Device ID, Purchase History, Product Interaction, Other Usage Data, Crash Data, Performance Data, Other Diagnostic Data and other relevant information to customize the user experience and provide personalized emergency guidance. 2. How We Use Your Information We use the collected information for the following purposes: To Provide Emergency Information: We use your location data and personal information to provide you, First Responders and Towing Operators, with accurate details about electric vehicle emergencies, including how to disconnect batteries and fight fires safely. To Verify User Identity: We may use the collected personal data to verify user identity and ensure the security of the Application. To Follow Local State Guidelines: If location information is not provided, you may be denied access to the app as required by local state guidelines. This is to ensure compliance with local regulations and safety procedures.
3. Disclosure Of Your Information We May Share Your Information In The Following Situations: With Your Consent: We may share your location data and personal information with other First Responders And Towing Operators using the app with your explicit consent. For example, Fire Fighting, Towing Tips. Law Enforcement: We may disclose information about you to law enforcement agencies or governmental bodies when required by law or to protect our legal rights.
4. Your Choices Location Services: You can enable location services when using our Application. If you disable location services, certain features of the Application may not function properly, and access may be denied based on local guidelines.
5. Security We take reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. However, no data transmission over the internet or wireless network can be guaranteed.
6. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
7. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at +1 910-747-9000 during normal business hours: 9:00 AM - 8:00 PM EST or you can emails us at  contact@ev-clever.com  as a point of contact regarding our privacy policies..
This policy reflects the additional collection of personal data and the policy regarding the denial of access in case location information is not provided, based on local state guidelines. It's important to ensure that this policy aligns with the specific legal requirements in the jurisdictions where your app operates.
Un-associate with EV-Clever App  I would like to request that my account and associated data is deleted from apple or google play store.  Confirm
EV- Clever
Copyright © 2023 EV- Clever - All Rights Reserved. Powered by
GoDaddy
This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Accept