Privacy Policy - VenuIQ
Skip to content
Need to prove ROI for your event? Attendee Tracking is the answer -
DOWNLOAD THE FREE GUIDE
Menu
Menu
PLATFORM
FEATURES
EVENT APPS
HYBRID EVENTS
VIRTUAL EVENTS
ATTENDEE TRACKING
SAFEWATCH
EVENT BRIEF BUILDER
PRICING
PARTNER
RESOURCES
CASE STUDIES
TESTIMONIALS
GUIDES AND TEMPLATES
EVENT TECH SUPPORT
BLOG
EVENT GALLERY
MEMBERSHIP BUILDER
ENTERPRISE BUILDER
CONTACT
ABOUT
ABOUT VENUIQ
OVERVIEW
SUPPORT
BOOK A DEMO
English
Francais
Privacy Policy
Who we are
We are VenuIQ, a software company based in Lichfield. Our website address is: http://venu-iq.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We collect the data users provide on the contact form on the site. This information can include your name, phone number and email address plus the contents of any message you send us. We use the data provided to provide you with information on our services and if requested we will include you on our email newsletter.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We operate Google Analytics on the site to monitor the way they people use our website and the pages they frequent. This information is used to create a better user experience and is only accessed by VenuIQ personnel. Please see the
Google Privacy Policy
page for more details on Google Analytics. You can choose to opt of of Google Analytics tracking using
this tool.
Who we share your data with
VenuIQ does not share data with any third parties except our marketing partner Mailchimp, who provides email marketing services for those who have requested our newsletters, and those parties which we are legally obligated to provide information to. The information you provide to
Mailchimp is subject to their privacy policy
and you can choose to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by choosing the unsubscribe link in the emails we send. You can also manage the data we hold by choosing the preferences link in any of our Mailchimp emails.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Please send an email to info@venu-iq.com to request removal of your data.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you have any concerns over our data policy please contact Oliver Rowe at VenuIQ on +44 121 796 5800 or email Oliver at info@venu-iq.com.
Additional information
How we protect your data
Sending information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data while it’s in transit. Any data you send is at your own risk. We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it. Your data is hosted on secure servers with the European Economic Area (EEA).
What data breach procedures we have in place
Should a data breach occur we will notify all concerned parties via email within 48 hours of discovery.
What third parties we receive data from
VenuIQ does not receive data from third parties. If you followed a link to venu-iq.com from another website, we may receive information from the other website. We don’t use this data. You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this.
Links to other websites
venu-iq.com contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to venu-iq.com.
Our Shop
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store.
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for seven years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews if you choose to leave them.
CRM
The data you share with us is held in our secure CRM system used by our sales team to reply to your requests for our services.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfil orders, process refunds and support you.
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example — if your products are shipped to you we will share the address data you provide with Royal Mail who are the carrier.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in Jan 2019.
Keep up to date with our software newsletter for events, conferences, meetings and venues.
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Get in touch:
UK Head Office: (+44) 121 796 5800
Europe Office: (+33) 359 850 001
USA Office: (+1) 989 289 8654 VenuIQ Head Office:
N3 Westpoint
Middlemore Lane West
Aldridge Walsall
WS9 8DT United Kingdom
Recent Posts
Seven Proven Strategies to Boost Attendee Satisfaction Using Event Apps
What are hosted buyer events and are they worth attending?
VenuIQ to present “Data-driven decisions: supercharge your event success” at Event Tech Live 2023
VenuIQ © 2023 -
Privacy Policy
- GDPR
- Terms
PLATFORM
FEATURES
EVENT APPS
HYBRID EVENTS
VIRTUAL EVENTS
ATTENDEE TRACKING
SAFEWATCH
EVENT BRIEF BUILDER
PRICING
PARTNER
RESOURCES
CASE STUDIES
TESTIMONIALS
GUIDES AND TEMPLATES
EVENT TECH SUPPORT
BLOG
EVENT GALLERY
MEMBERSHIP BUILDER
ENTERPRISE BUILDER
CONTACT
ABOUT
ABOUT VENUIQ
OVERVIEW
SUPPORT
BOOK A DEMO
Close
Fill in your details and we'll be in touch
[contact-form-7 id=”3998″ title=”Request a Demo Membership Builder Form”]
CLOSE
Fill in your details and we'll be in touch
[contact-form-7 id=”4017″ title=”Request a Demo Enterprise Builder Form”]
CLOSE
Enter your details and we'll get in touch
[contact-form-7 id=”764″ title=”Request a Demo Event Builder Form”]
CLOSE
Let us know what you need in an event app and a member of our team will be in touch
[contact-form-7 id=”1476″ title=”I need this in my event app”]
×
Join the VenuIQ Partner Program
[contact-form-7 id=”2520″ title=”Partner Program Form”]
×
Enter your details and a member of our team will be in touch
[contact-form-7 id=”2577″ title=”Request a Demo Case Study”]
×
What is Bluetooth?
Bluetooth is a technology that almost anyone is familiar with. It dates back to 1989 when it was invented by the CTO of Ericsson (remember them?!). It is a technology for exchanging data between fixed and mobile devices over short distances using radio waves. Bluetooth generally operates at a frequency of 2.4GHz. It is a packet-based protocol, which essentially means that data is transmitted in packets over a digital network. After living its first few years without a uniform name, it was christened
Bluetooth
in 1997 after the 10 th
Century Danish
King Harald Bluetooth . A name that has remained ever such.
In 2006, Developers at Nokia developed a new Bluetooth Standard which became known as Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) and this is what VenuIQ uses. BLE was developed to overcome challenges that developers had with both traditional Bluetooth and Wifi technology. It was BLE that enabled the Internet of Things world to really take off. Unlike traditional Bluetooth, BLE doesn’t insist on an authenticated handshake (like you would on your phone) but rather sends advertising packets between devices that contain data that can be parsed by the receiving device. This has significant advantages over Wifi in this type of use case, mainly in terms of being hugely more accurate in terms of positioning, ease of deployment of more receiving units (Gateways), and meshing Gateways together to reach more areas with poor network connectivity and lower power usage. In addition, it transmits advertising packets over three separate frequencies to reduce interference (a common issue with RFID).
Whilst the most common use of Bluetooth is connecting mobile phones to cars, AirPods or other devices, as BLE it is used in many more other industries, notably Healthcare, and of course,
events .
×