Ana Sayfa Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation           Privacy Privacy Policy For Android Apps This Privacy Policy describes how we use the information you provide when you use our products and services and your choices about our use of the data. We also describe the measures we take to protect the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices. We at
Inc.
(“Protectstar”, “we”, “us”, “our”), care deeply about privacy and security, both are a significant part of our essential mission: to protect users of our products and services (“you” and “your”) from the risks of theft, disruption, and unauthorized access to their online information. Protectstar sells products and services directly to consumers, as well as business customers. This Privacy Policy applies both to the information we collect from you or your device when you download one of our Services and the information we collect when you install our Services on your device. When you use our Services (apps for Android), you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy and understand its contents. Your use of our Services and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy, any applicable Terms of Service (including any applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes), and any applicable End User License Agreement. As Protectstar grows, our business changes, and we may update this Policy at any time as we deem appropriate to reflect those changes. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email, in-product notification, or otherwise required by applicable law. Therefore, you must check back and make sure that you have reviewed the most current version of this Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of our Services across the world. Some users, including residents of the European Economic Area, may have additional rights depending on where they are located, which are described in this Policy. What Kinds of Information Do We Collect? The
data collection is required to use the app
to receive accurate information about malware. If you do not want your data collected, you need to disable your internet connection so the app and file checksums cannot be synced. But this will result in lower detection of possible malware and other security threats. To provide our Services, we collect information. Some information you provide directly to us, and other information we collect automatically through our Services. Some are collected from third parties as
Google Play Services ,
Google Analytics for Firebase , and
Firebase Crashlytics . We collect the information you provide to us. For example, while using Protectstar® AI Cloud, we collect and process the following Service and Device Data through your interactions with the Services and devices on which our Android apps are installed restricted to the following: users’ installed app package information (package-name and SHA-256 checksum) If the user is scanning files for malware (for example, in the product Antivirus AI), the SHA-256 and MD5 checksum will be collected (not the content of the scanned file!) Details about your device, including internet protocol (IP) address, and other device identifiers, and operating system. We may collect this information through our Services. When you use our products to protect your mobile device, we collect geo-location data (based on the IP address and not related to the GPS) of the device on which the product is installed. Your data is sent
anonymously
to our cloud server at
https://api.protectstar.com The data transmission is performed in encrypted (AES-256 bit) form using the HTTPS protocol and cannot be tracked back to individuals. Why do we process your data? What is the purpose of sending users' installed application or file information to https://api.protectstar.com ? The data of
users’ installed package information
or file information of scanned files for malware you send to our cloud server is needed to provide the services to you, to offer you an accurate detection of malware and detect suspicious espionage threats. Our purpose in collecting your information is to equip you with useful products and services that provide a more agile, dynamic response to new and unknown threats. The purpose of sending users’ installed application information to https://api.protectstar.com is to analyze the installed application information by our Protectstar® Artificial Intelligence Cloud (AI Cloud). Protectstar® AI Cloud runs on servers and not on individual devices, like the user's smartphone. This ensures the full performance of the cloud servers and enables quick and precise analyzes. At the same time, it keeps the user devices resource-efficient with optimal performance. The data processing ensures: Identifying new threats, their behavior, their security status, and their sources. Determination of the reputation of examined objects. Reducing the likelihood of false alarms. Increasing the performance of software components. Performance increase for the rights holder's products. Access to the confidential installed app information and use is directly related to the provision and improvement of Protectstar Android apps' functions. What data do we collect? When using an internet connection to Protectstar® AI Cloud, you send selective installed app package information of apps installed on your smartphone. The type of data we collect include the following: The apps corresponding package name The calculated SHA-256 checksum of the apps apk file The calculated SHA-256 and the MD5 checksum of the scanned file Your data is sent anonymously and automatically to the following URL: https://api.protectstar.com/api/get-deep-detective-packages-shas-info The data transmission is performed in encrypted (AES-256 bit) form using the HTTPS protocol and
cannot be tracked back to individuals . How do we use the information we collect? To Help Protect You!
When you install or use one of our Services, it will run in the background of your device or environment to help predict threats, and better protect you, your devices, and your information. We use your data on our servers to Provide and operate our Services; Address and respond to service, security, and customer support needs; Detect or prevent your device against cybersecurity threats such as malware Detect possible false positives Analyze data sent to/from your device(s) to isolate and identify threats, vulnerabilities, viruses, suspicious activity, and attacks, and communicate with you about potential threats; Transmitted user information will only be used for the aforementioned limited purposes, which the user has agreed to. The data obtained for processing depends on the product or service. It is recommended that users carefully read the agreements and related statements accepted during the installation or usage of software or service. Some data are non-personal, according to the laws of certain countries. Regardless of the type of data and territory where data was received or processed, we use the highest standards of data protection and apply various legal, organizational, and technical measures to protect user data. This guarantees safety and confidentiality and ensures users' rights are guaranteed under applicable law. The data depends on the products and services
you use and
could include
the following: License/ subscription information : It is processed to recognize legitimate users. This data is needed to maintain communication between the product and Protectstar services – sending and receiving product databases, updates, etc. Product information : Data on the product's operation and its interaction with the user is also analyzed. For example, how long does threat scanning take? Which features are used more often than others? Answers to these and other questions help developers to improve products, making them faster and easier to use. Device data : Data such as device type, operating system, etc., may be needed, so the user doesn't have to buy a new license for the security product after reinstalling the operating system. This information also helps us to analyze cyber threats because it shows how many devices are affected by any specific threat. Threats detected : If a threat (new or known) is found on a device, information about that threat is sent to Protectstar. This enables us to analyze threats, their sources, principles of infection, etc., resulting in a higher quality of protection for every user. Information on installed applications : This information helps to create lists of "white" or harmless applications and prevents security products from mistakenly identifying such applications as malicious. This data is also used to update and extend program categories for Parental Control and Application Startup Control features. Besides, this information helps us to offer users security solutions that best match their needs. PROTECTSTAR WILL ONLY PROCESS PERSONAL DATA FOR PARTICULAR, PRE-DETERMINED PURPOSES THAT ARE LEGITIMATE WITH REGARD TO APPLICABLE LAW AND THAT ARE RELEVANT TO PROTECTSTAR'S BUSINESS. When you install or use one of our Services, it will run in your device or environment background to help predict threats and better protect you, your devices, and your information. For example, Protectstar may use the information to: Analyze data sent to/from your device(s) to isolate and identify threats, vulnerabilities, viruses, suspicious activity, and attacks, and communicate with you about potential threats; Participate in threat intelligence networks, conduct research, and adapt products and services to help respond to new threats; Look for misuses of your data when you use our identity monitoring products. To update the anti-virus databases. To provide technical support of products and services for customers and to improve the quality of products and services. To conduct statistical and other studies based on anonymous data. To Run Our Business We also use the information we collect for other business purposes, including to: Authenticate your identity and prevent fraud; Analyze your behavior to measure, customize, and improve our Site and Services, including developing new products and services; Advertise Protectstar products and services that we think may be of interest to you; Provide customer support, troubleshoot issues, manage subscriptions, and respond to requests, questions, and comments; Conduct market and consumer research and trend analyses; Prevent, detect, identify, investigate, and respond to potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior, and criminal activity; and Comply with and enforce legal rights, requirements, agreements, and policies. Other Uses We may use Personal Data for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you when you provide Personal Data or with your consent. Information We Collect from Third Parties We may receive information about you from other sources and combine it with the information we collect directly. Examples of information we may receive from other sources include: Updated delivery or payment information is used to correct our records. Purchase or redemption information. Customer support and enrollment information. For our identity protection Consumer Products, we also may collect credit or identity information which we use to help prevent and detect fraud. Where do we process Information? The personal data provided by users to Protectstar can be processed in the following country in the European Union (EU): Gemany We provide the same level of protection as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework How Do We Protect Your Data? We use administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the Personal Data we collect and process. Our security controls are designed to maintain data confidentiality, integrity, and an appropriate level of availability. Protectstar also maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information against loss, misuse, damage or modification, and unauthorized access or disclosure. Some of the other central features of our information security program are: The Information Security Department, which designs, implements, and provides oversight to our information security program; Application of appropriate information security tools; Performance evaluation of applied personal data security measures before commissioning processing systems; Implementing controls to identify, authenticate and authorize access to various services or websites; Discovering the facts surrounding unauthorized access to personal data and adopting corresponding measures; Recovery of personal data that was modified or destructed; Establishing access rules to personal data processed in Protectstar processing systems and also recording and accounting for all actions undertaken with personal data in these systems; Encryption between our clients and servers (and between our various data centers); We restrict access of our employees and contractors who need to know the information to process it for us and are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations to personal information. They may be disciplined or their contract terminated if they fail to meet these obligations; Monitoring of our systems infrastructure to detect weaknesses and potential intrusions; Monitoring measures are taken to ensure the security of personal data; Providing Protectstar personnel with relevant training and continually updating our security practices in light of new risks and developments in technology. Who Do We Share Personal Data With? We do
NOT
share or sell the collected data you send with third parties. What Choices Do You Have About Your Personal Data? If you register a Protectstar Consumer Product, you can access and correct the Personal Data in your profile at any time by visiting My Protectstar Account or contacting us as described below. Suppose you have not registered a Protectstar product, but one of our products is installed on your device. In that case, you may stop Protectstar’s collection of Personal data from your device by
uninstalling that product . To close your account and for other support questions, please visit the Protectstar page at
https://www.protectstar.com/en/contact What we aren't going to process Protectstar never processes "sensitive" personal data such as religion, political views, sexual preference, health, or other special categories of personal data through its products and services. Therefore, we do not wish to receive any such data and will not request it from you. Protectstar's products must be installed and used by an adult. Children may use the device where Protectstar's product was installed only with permission from their parents or holder of parental responsibility. Except for the "Data for child protection feature," we do not intend to process personal data of children, nor do we want to receive such personal information of children. How long do we store your Personal Data? The data we collect from you may be stored, with risk-appropriate technical and organizational security measures applied to it, on in-house servers in Germany. Protectstar will keep your Personal Data for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy, namely (i) for as long as you are a registered subscriber or user of our products or (ii) for as long as your Personal Data is necessary for connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis or (iii) for as long as is reasonably necessary for business purposes related to the provision of the Services, such as internal reporting and reconciliation purposes, warranties or to provide you with feedback or information you might request. The selective extracted and transmitted data, as listed above, are stored for the duration, as is technically necessary. As a rule, this is only a few seconds before the data is securely deleted from our servers by a high-security deletion standard. In addition, for randomized sample testing, some transmitted installed package information is stored anonymized in the form of statistics. In all cases, we follow generally accepted standards and security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Where required by law, we will delete your data within one year of your last interaction with the Services. In addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we may continue to process your Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary for connection with that claim. Once the above mentioned periods, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either permanently delete, destroy, or de-identify the relevant Personal Data so that it can no longer reasonably be tied to you. Individual Rights in Personal Data Under applicable law, you may have the right to: Request confirmation of whether we are processing your Personal Data. Obtain access to or a copy of your Personal Data. Receive a portable copy of your Personal Data, or ask us to send that information to another organization (the "right of data portability"). Seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed Personal Data. Restrict our processing of your Personal Data. Object to our processing of your Personal Data. Request erasure of Personal Data held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, don't hesitate to get in touch with us as set forth below. We will process such requests under applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. For some requests and where permitted by law, an administrative fee may be charged. We will advise you of any applicable fee before performing your request. Children’s Privacy Some of Protectstar’s Services provide security features that parents may use to monitor their child’s activity online, physical location, or use of a registered device. These Services require parental consent, and we do not knowingly use the Personal Data we collect from children’s devices for any purpose except to deliver the Services. These products allow parents to delete their child’s profile at any time. If you believe we have collected information from your child in error or have questions or concerns about our practices relating to children, please contact us as described below. If you are under the age of 18, you must have your parent’s permission to access the Services. Protectstar urges parents to instruct their children never to give out their real names, addresses, or phone numbers, without parental permission. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent, you may alert us by contacting us as described below. Suppose we know that we have collected any Personal Data from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). In that case, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account. Data Transfers Protectstar is headquartered in the United States (see Contact Us for our address), and we have operations, entities, and service providers in the United States and throughout the world. As such, our service providers and we may transfer your Personal Data to, or store or access it in jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent data protection levels as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it. We do NOT transfer Personal Data to countries outside of the EEA or Switzerland through a series of intercompany agreements based on the Standard Contractual Clauses in accordance with EU law and applicable EU regulations. Residents of the European Economic Area If you are in the European Economic (EEA), the following additional disclosures apply. Data Controller Where you purchase one of Protectstar’s consumer products, Protectstar Inc. acts as your personal data controller. Legal Basis for Processing When we process your Personal Data, we will only do so in the following situations: We need to use your Personal Data to perform our contract responsibilities with you (e.g., processing payments and providing the Services you purchase or request). We have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data. For example, we have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to provide, secure, and improve our Services, communicate with you about changes to our Services, and inform you about new services or products. We have your consent to do so. We need to process your Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations. Residents of California Your California Privacy Rights Protectstar does not share information that identifies you personally with non-affiliated third parties for their marketing use without your permission. California Consumer Privacy Act If you are a resident of California, you may submit a request to exercise your rights in Personal Data. For purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act, Protectstar does not “sell” your Personal Data. Residents of Nevada Protectstar does not sell information that identifies you personally with non-affiliated third parties. If you would like to request that we not sell identifying information about you in the future, you may request using the contact information below. Individual Rights Requests and Withdraw Consent You may submit a request to exercise your rights in Personal Data using the mechanisms explained under “What Choices Do You Have About Your Personal Data?” above. If you initially consented to our processing of your Personal Data, you may withdraw your consent using those mechanisms or by contacting us using the contact information below. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse