Privacy Policy
/search-results.html
My Calix
Login
REGISTER
Account Settings
LOG OUT
Solutions
Simplify Your Business
Customer Support
Marketing
Network and Premises Operations
Service Providers
Wireline Operators
Cable Operators
Electric Cooperatives
Municipalities
Wireless Internet Service Providers (WISPs)
Excite Your Subscribers
Amazing Wi-Fi Experience
Small Business
Wi-Fi for Communities
Mobile App Services
Device Protection
Offerings by Persona (gamers, parents, etc.)
Technologies
PON
Wi-Fi 6/6E
5G
Cloud Analytics
Industry Standards
Grow Your Value
End-to-End Solution Strategy
Green Broadband
Advanced Managed Wi-Fi
Security
Home Network Security
Network Security
Parental Controls
Connected Cameras
Device Protection
Products and Services
Revenue EDGE
What is Revenue EDGE?
Foundation
GigaSpire BLAST Systems
GigaPro Systems
ONT/ONU Systems
Experience Innovation Platform (EXOS)
Managed Services
Residential—SmartHome
Managed Wi-Fi
CommandIQ
ExperienceIQ
ProtectIQ
HomeOfficeIQ
Arlo Secure
Servify Care
Bark
Community—SmartTown
Business—SmartBiz
CommandWorx
Multi-family—SmartMDU
Cloud
Marketing Cloud
Support Cloud
Operations Cloud
Enablement
Professional Services
Success Services
Market Activation
Intelligent Access EDGE
What is Intelligent Access EDGE?
Foundation
Access EDGE Systems
E9
E7
E5
E3
ONT/ONU Systems
Network Innovation Platform (AXOS)
Diagnostics Toolbox
Integration and Testing Sandbox
Service Management Connectors
Success for All
Cloud
Operations Cloud
Software
Software Modules
Enablement
Professional Services
Services
What are our Services?
Professional Services
Support Services
Education Services
Customer Success Services
Success for All
Non-EXOS Premises Systems
GigaHubs
GigaPoints
P-Series
Non-AXOS Access Systems
EXA E7-20 Terabit
EXA E7-2 Modular Chassis
EXA E3 DSL
Traditional Software
Calix Management System (CMS)
Events
Calix ConneXions
Annual Event
ConneXions @ Local
Highlights from Previous ConneXions
2023
Events
Industry Events
Webinars
Webinar Hub
Intelligent Access EDGE Series
Resources
My Calix
My Calix
TAC TV
Community
Calix Community
Education
Calix University
Partners
Calix Partner Program
Partner Resources
Additional Resources
Green Broadband
Industry Standards
FCC Performance Testing
Broadband Funding Hub
Customer Newsletters
Beacon
Leadership Beacon
Marketing Beacon
Customer Support Beacon
Broadband Operations Beacon
Customer Success Stories
All Success Stories
Annual Innovations Awards
About
News and Media
News and Media Hub
Calix Blog
About Calix
Overview
Leadership
Investors
Investor Relations
Working at Calix
Careers
India
China
Contact
Contact Us
Locations
My Calix
LOGIN
REGISTER
×
Calix Portals Terms Of Use
Scroll the slider down to view full terms and enable the Accept button
By pressing “Accept”, you confirm that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge our
privacy notice .
Accept
Decline
×
Timeout Warning
For security reasons, your My Calix session is going to timeout in
2
minutes.
Would you like to extend your session?
Extend Session
Logout Now
×
Your session has timed out
Due to inactivity, your My Calix session has been logged out.
OK
Mark all notifications as read
See All Notifications
×
[Modal text (HTML content) goes here]
Full Name
Account Settings
LOG OUT
Links
California Consumer Privacy Act
Calix Job Candidate Privacy Notice
Data Processing Agreement (DPA) FAQs
EEA+ Supplemental Job Candidate Privacy Notice
South Africa PAIA Manual (Afrikaans)
South Africa PAIA Manual (English)
Calix Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 20, 2023
Scope
This Privacy Notice (the “ Privacy Notice ”) describes the Personal Information that Calix may collect, use, process, disclose and/or store (i) when you access Calix’s website located at www.calix.com and any associated URLs owned or controlled by Calix (collectively, the “ Website ”), any content or features available on the Website and your interactions with Calix in connection with such access including registrations for our events through the Website, as well as any contacts you may have with Calix as a prospective customer, and (ii) about corporate representatives including representatives of Calix customers, vendors and other partners and including as applicable in connection with their use of Calix Offerings as defined in the Calix Master Purchase and License Agreement.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to subscriber data that we process as a processor or service provider to our customers.  For privacy information related to a Calix customer or customer affiliate who uses Calix products and services as the controller, please contact the Calix customer directly.
As used in this Privacy Notice, “ Calix ” refers to Calix, Inc. and its affiliates and references to “ we ,” “ our ,” “ us ” and similar terms in this Privacy Notice refer to Calix.
See our privacy notice(s) at collection and privacy policy to California residents
here .
Collection of Information
In order for you to access certain portions of the Website, attend Calix events that use the Website for registration, or to receive responses to your inquiries or communicate with Calix in connection with the Website, we may require that you complete a registration process or submit information to us. Specifically, this information may include:
contact information such as your name, address, telephone number, email address or other contact or identification information; the products and services relevant or of interest; and additional information in which you are interested.
You may choose to not provide the requested information, but such choice may hinder our ability to communicate with you, prevent your registration to attend or to fully participate in a Calix event, or result in reduced access to content available from the Website or otherwise from Calix.
Calix may also collect information from your mobile app, browser, or other device used to access the Website, such as the following, and which may also include Personal Information:
browser and device information; app or device usage data; IP address; MAC address; aggregated, anonymized, or de-identified information; demographic information and other similar information provided by you (e.g., language, occupation); and geographic location.
Calix also collects corporate representative information provided directly by you as part of the purchase, subscription to, or use of the Services and if you represent a vendor or partner of Calix. Specifically, this information includes, as applicable:
contact information including provided upon registration of a user account for Calix hosted portals for the applicable Services; user credentials to access and manage your use of the Services on the applicable Calix hosted portals; transcript of all activity in Calix University indication of the products, services and additional information in which you are interested; recordings of calls to Calix customer support teams; responses to surveys; and browser and device information and session cookies, including session recording, IP address, MAC address, demographic information, application user analytics, and other similar information provided by you (e.g., language, occupation) when accessing and using the Calix hosted portals through a user account for the applicable Services.
Calix enriches corporate representative information with data purchased from third parties.
Use of Personal Information
We collect and/or process your Personal Information for the purposes identified in the following situations.
If you visit our Website, interact with us as a corporate representative including of a prospective customer, vendor, or business partner or use the Services, or express interest in our solutions:
Developing and improving our websites . We may process your Personal Information to analyze trends, track your usage of our websites and interactions with emails to the extent this is necessary for our legitimate interests to develop and improve our websites and to provide our users with more relevant and interesting content. Utilizing third-party service providers to provide Website analytics including on an aggregated and anonymous basis . These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information, which may include your IP address, content viewed and/or links accessed in order to provide such analytics. We may use or analyze the information to improve the online experience and interaction with our users. Confirming User Identity.
We process your Personal Information to confirm your identity when you log into your MyCalix account. Correlating cookie data with MyCalix portal data . For individuals who have logged into the MyCalix portal, we will correlate cookie data with portal account data. Promoting security of our websites . We process your Personal Information by tracking use of our websites, creating aggregated data, verifying accounts and activity, investigating suspicious activity, as well as violations of and enforcement of our terms and policies, to the extent this is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests in promoting the safety and security of the systems and application used for our websites, and protecting our rights and the rights of others. Providing and enabling personalized advertisements and content . We process your Personal Information to conduct marketing research, identify and advertise to you, provide personalized information about us, and other personalized content based upon your activities and interests to the extent it is necessary for our legitimate interests to advertise our websites or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior separate consent. Handling contacts and user support requests . If you fill out a “Contact Me” web form, request user support, or if you contact us by other means online, we will process your Personal Information to the extent it is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests to fulfill your request and communicate with you. Managing event registrations and attendance . We process your Personal Information to plan and host events or webinars that you register to participate in or access on our systems, including related communication with you before, during or following the event or webinar, on basis of the performance of delivering the event or webinar to you based on the program and/or agenda and related follow-up, surveys or feedback requests. Sending marketing communications . We process your Personal Information to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, SMS, or push notifications) about us and our affiliates and partners, including information about our products, services, promotions or events as necessary for our legitimate interests to conduct direct marketing or to the extent you have provided your prior separate consent where required. Demonstrating Services . We process your Personal Information to offer and demonstrate the Services to you for the purpose of evaluation by you. Providing Services . We process your Personal Information to provide you with the subscribed Services as described in the user documentation for the Services or authorized in the applicable Terms. Managing visitors to our sites . We will process your Personal Information for security reasons, to register who visited our offices and who signed the non-disclosure agreement that visitors may be required to sign. Managing our contracts . We will process your Personal Information to manage contracts including with our customers, vendors, and partners. Enforcing our rights . We will process your Personal Information to enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered between you and Calix. Other authorized purposes . We will process your Personal Information to fulfill any other purpose authorized by you and reasonably required for the Services.
If you are an applicant for a job opening or position through our web-based applications, see our Applicant Privacy Notice
here .
As to all users, with respect to our legal obligations:
Complying with legal obligations and protect our rights or rights of others . We may process your Personal Information when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators and otherwise in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws for any reason under such laws. and to protect our rights or rights of others.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose Personal Information as set forth below.
to Calix subsidiaries, affiliates and certain authorized third-party vendors and contractors that provide development, integration and consulting services to us for the purpose of providing you with the subscribed Services, to maintain, support, develop, improve and/or enhance the Services and to fulfill our obligations associated with the Services; to our authorized service providers and suppliers who provide services to us such as website hosting, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure services, customer service, email delivery, auditing and similar services for the purpose of enabling them to provide such services; to service providers to permit them to send you marketing and other communications you have elected to receive from us, subject to your designated communication preferences; to third parties for purposes of which we notify you at the time of collection; to third-party event organizers, logistics coordinators, and hotels, restaurants or other event host locations (virtual or physical), where you have registered for an event sponsored by Calix; and in connection with subscription services to web-based applications as specified in the applicable terms of service for such applications.
We are also required to disclose information under certain circumstances:
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; to enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and Calix; if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Calix, our customers or other third parties; with our professional advisors, such as auditors, law firms or accounting firms, as service providers; and to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which your information held by us are among the assets transferred.
Security and Storage
Transmissions over the Internet are never entirely secure and we cannot guarantee the security or the preservation of the integrity of any transmitted data. Please consider this fact before transmitting via the Website any Personal Information or information that you consider confidential.
The Personal Information we collect may be stored and processed in servers in the United States and wherever Calix and our service providers have facilities around the globe and in accordance with local laws. By submitting or registering Personal Information via the Website you consent to such storage and processing in such locations.  If you do not consent, do not submit your Personal Information or continue with registration of Calix events.
We will keep Personal Information about you for as long as we provide solutions to you, we are addressing a concern, question, complaint, or request you have made to us, as applicable to our interactions with you and any duration necessary for compliance with laws, our contractual obligations, or as necessary for the exercise or defense of legal rights and archiving, back up and deletion processes. If retention is subject to a contract or other agreement, we will follow the retention obligations of that agreement.
Cookies
Please refer to our
Cookie Policy
for more information about cookies.
European Economic Area Privacy Rights
We adhere to applicable data protection laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  Users who are located in the EEA have the following rights:
request access to the personal information we process about you; request that we correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you; request deletion of personal information about you; request restrictions, temporarily or permanently, on our processing of some or all personal information about you; request transfer of personal information to you or a third party where we process the data based on your consent or a contract with you, and where our processing is automated; and opt-out or object to our use of personal information about you where our use is based on your consent or our legitimate interests.
To exercise one or more of these rights, please see “Managing Your Personal Information” below. We will aim to respond to your request within 30 days. It is important that your request contains reasonable details in order for us to adequately respond. We will honor the requests you make related to your rights as applicable law allows, which means in some cases there may be legal or other reasons that we may not be able to fulfil the specific request you make related to your rights.
International Data Transfers
If you are located in the EEA, Switzerland, or another country that requires legal protections for international data transfer, we may transfer, access, or store personal information about you outside of the EEA, Switzerland, to the United States or such other country that requires legal protections for international data transfer. When we do, we will ensure that an adequate level of protection is provided for the information by using one or more of the following approaches:
We may transfer personal information to countries that have privacy laws that have been recognized by the country from which the data are transferred as providing similar protections for the data. We may enter into written agreements with recipients that require them to provide the same level of protection for the data. We may rely on other transfer mechanisms approved by authorities in the country from which the data are transferred.
Where we use service providers in the United States, we may transfer personal information pursuant to other organizations that participate in Privacy Shield or any program that replaces Privacy Shield for transfers from the EEA or Switzerland to the U.S.
Managing your Personal Information
You may have a right to correct, update, delete, or request access to the Personal Information that you have provided to us. You may submit the following
Request Form
(clicking the link will take you to TrustArc, whom we have engaged to assist with Personal Information requests). These rights are limited and may not be available to you depending on where you are located.
For your protection, we will only implement requests with respect to Personal Information about you (not anyone else), and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, as required under applicable legal obligations. And even if you have a right to deletion, some of your information may remain within our systems and other records or archives, in compliance with applicable law.
Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) to oversee compliance with this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal data, please contact the DPO via email at DPO@Calix.com. If you are in the United Kingdom, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the United Kingdom Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
here
or if you are in the European Economic Area to the Data Protection Authority for your country listed
here
with respect to data protection issues.
Third Party Websites and Services
This Privacy Notice does not address, and we are not responsible for, the policies and practices of third parties or other organizations that are not Calix service providers, including policies and practices related to privacy and security, data collection, processing, use, storage, and disclosure. Such parties include any third party operating any site or service to which the Website links (and the inclusion of a link on the Website does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service), and any mobile or other application provider, social media platform, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, in each case used in connection with your use of the Website.
Data Controller and Contact Information
The data controller for this website is Calix, Inc.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at:
Calix, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
2777 Orchard Parkway
San Jose, CA 95134
Or contact us by email at: privacy@calix.com
Revisions and Updates
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time, including as required to keep current with new legislation. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice to stay informed about how we collect, use, and transfer Personal Information.
Platforms
Services
Solutions
Perspectives
Events
Customers
About Calix
Careers
Cookie Policy
Security
Trademarks
Cookie Preferences
© 2023 Calix | All Rights Reserved
Terms of Use
Privacy
Legal
We use cookies to provide website functionality, to analyze our traffic and to enable social media functionality.
OK
Decline All
Manage My Settings
Read our Cookie Policy