Wall Art Hub Privacy Policy Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Wall Art Hub Privacy Policy Wall Art Hub Privacy Policy Thank you for taking a few minutes to read this privacy policy, which stipulates how to use and protect our applications. We know that you care about your personal data, and we promise to protect your personal data. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected, and we care about your privacy and data security. We provide application services to collect your information, so we have prepared a document called the privacy policy. We use this app for free by displaying advertisements, and our partners may collect data to provide advertisements in our app. We collect anonymous information about how you use the application after you install it. According to the way you interact with us, if you install and use our application, some data will be processed automatically. If you submit other data to us, other data will be collected and processed. We can change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should review the page to ensure that you are satisfied with any changes. These terms will fully apply and affect your use of this application. By using this application form, you agree to accept all the terms and conditions written here. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you may not use this application.  How we use the information collected from you INTERNET: Network permissions, access to the network requires SET_ WALLPAPER: Set system wallpaper BIND_ WALLPAPER: Binding system wallpapers FOREGROUND_ Service: Frontend service permission, running programs requires Receive_ BOOT_ Completed: Enable relevant permissions to understand the status of phone restart GET_ ACCOUNTS: Account permissions, used to obtain account information Authenticate_ ACCOUNTS: Account authentication permission, used to authenticate accounts MANAGE_ ACCOUNTS: Account management permissions, used for account management WRITE_ SYNC_ SETTings: Account synchronization write permission, used for account settings synchronization READ_ SYNC_ SETTings: Account synchronization read permission, used for account settings synchronization READ_ SYNC_ STATS: Account synchronization status permission, used for account settings synchronization We process the data generated by the application to allow you to use the services we provide on the application and ensure its functionality. We also process this data to analyze application performance, continually improve applications, correct errors, prevent fraudulent use, and ensure IT security and system operation. We further process these data in the form of aggregation or pseudonym to analyze trends, manage applications, track users' movements on the applications, and collect general demographic information about users to improve marketing, including providing you with personalized, interest based advertising and enhancing users' experience in our applications. We process user application usage data so that we can promote, evaluate and verify your use of our applications and services, and evaluate and enhance the user experience of the application by identifying user preferences and analyzing crash data for our internal statistics, archiving, research and analysis purposes. For example, the information we deal with includes the time frame used by the application, the most commonly used tools, and other content in the application. security We are committed to ensuring your information security. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have developed appropriate physical, electronic and protection management procedures to protect the information we collect online and prevent your information from leaking, damaging and losing. Links to other websites Our application may include links to other stakeholders. However, once you use these links to leave our application, you should note that we do not have any control over other links, so we do not assume any responsibility. The information you provide when visiting these websites is not subject to this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and check whether the privacy statement applies to relevant websites. Control your personal information We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to a third party unless we obtain your permission or are required by law. children Our terms of service require you to indicate that you are at least 13 years old. If you are under 13 years old, please do not use our service. Because our services are usually designed for adults, not children. We usually do not know the age of the individuals who use our services. However, in some cases, we may ask you to confirm your age with us, or to know your age in other ways. If we find that you are under the age of 13, or do not meet the different age thresholds we comply with due to applicable regulatory or platform requirements, we may take measures to limit, suspend or terminate your access to the service. If your access to the service has not been suspended or terminated, we will restrict the use of your personal data to meet the internal operation of our service and other purposes permitted by applicable laws, regulations and platform requirements. This may include cancelling your access to some parts or features of our services. change By using us, you hereby agree to our privacy policy and agree to its terms and conditions, otherwise please uninstall. We may update this statement from time to time, for example due to changes in our operations or changes in the legal obligations applicable to us. Updates will be provided here. Depending on the importance of the change, we can also take other measures to notify you. contact us Please feel free to contact us: seogun0525@gmail.com. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse