Digitalbook.io | Application Privacy Statement
Application Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to the treatment of personally identifiable
information submitted by, or otherwise obtained from, you in connection with
the associate Application. The Application is provided by Digitalbook.io
(and may be provided by Digitalbook.io on behalf of a Digitalbook.io
licensor or partner (“Application Partner”).
By using or otherwise accessing the Application, you acknowledge that you
accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement.
What information does Digitalbook.io collect?
- Personal Information that you provide to us:
We may receive and store any information you submit to the Application (or
otherwise authorize us to obtain – such as, from your Facebook or Google
accounts). The type of personal information collected may include your IP
address, browser information, username, demographic information, and any
other information necessary for us to provide the Application services.
- Personal information collected automatically:
We receive and store certain types of usage related information whenever you
interact with the Application. For example, we may automatically receive and
record information regarding your computer’s IP address, browser
information, and URLs accessed.
How does Digitalbook.io use the information it collects?
Digitalbook.io uses the information described in this Privacy Statement (i)
internally, to analyze, develop and improve its products and services, and
(ii) as set forth below in the section below, “Will Digitalbook.io share any
of the personal information it collects?”.
Application Partner Treatment of Information
Digitalbook.io may provide personal information to the applicable
Application Partner. The Application Partner’s use of your personal
information is subject to the Application Partner’s separate privacy policy
– and not this Privacy Statement. The Application Partner’s privacy policy
is linked to from within the Partner Application.
Will Digitalbook.io share any of the personal information it collects?
We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. We may share
your information in the following cases:
- Application Partners:
We will share your personal information with an applicable Application
Partner as outlined above.
- Agents:
We may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf, and
may need to share your information with them to provide products or services
to you. Unless we tell you differently, Digitalbook.io’s agents do not have
any right to use personal information we share with them beyond what is
necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of personal
information for the above purpose.
- Business Transfers:
We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions,
customer information is typically one of the business assets that are
transferred. Moreover, if all Digitalbook.io’s assets were acquired, or in
the unlikely event that Digitalbook.io goes out of business, or enters
bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred
or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur,
and that any acquirer of Digitalbook.io may continue to use your personal
information as set forth in this policy.
- Protection of Digitalbook.io and others:
We may release personal information when it is necessary to comply with the
law; to enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or
protect the rights, property, or safety of Digitalbook.io, our employees,
our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other
companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
- With your consent:
Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal
information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent
the sharing of this information.
How users can request data deletion?
If you wish to delete your data held by Digitalbook.io, navigate to our
Settings
page and
select "DELETE DATA". We will not be able to recover your data once the
process is complete.
In addition, you may wish to remove Digitalbook from your authorized app
list at
Facebook
or
Google . Further information about deauthorizing apps can be found on Facebook's
App visibility and privacy
page and on Google's
Manage third-party apps & services with access to your account
page.
Conditions of use
If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access
and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement
and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of
disputes, and application of the law.
Third Party Applications/Websites
The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites.
Such third party applications/websites are not under Digitalbook.io’s
control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Digitalbook.io
of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them.
The privacy and security practices of such third party application/websites
linked to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and
Digitalbook.io is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or
the content of such websites.
Can children use the application?
Our site and the services available through Digitalbook.io are not intended
for children under the age of 13. Digitalbook.io does not knowingly or
specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and
believes that children of any age should get their parents’ consent before
giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your
child’s web experience.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Digitalbook.io may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of
information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at
the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use
personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our
site or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy
Statement when he or she uses or otherwise accesses the Application after
such changes have been first posted.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our website,
please send us a message
here .