Call From Work | Your Privacy Matters - Our Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Home
Features
FAQ
Download Now
Blog
Home
Features
FAQ
Download Now
Blog
Main Menu
Home
Features
FAQ
Download Now
Blog
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
CallFromWork (“We”) know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust. We take your privacy seriously and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Policy. You can learn more about our Privacy Policy below. By using our Service (defined below), you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”). If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register with, or use our Service.
BRIEF OVERVIEW
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Policy covers how we treat personal information that we collect and receive, including via all related websites, networks, embeddable widgets, downloadable software, and mobile applications, and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Policy is displayed (collectively, our “Service”). This includes information related to your past use of our Service, and may include information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, email address, IP address and phone number. This Policy, however, does not apply to information that we collect offline or on any other applications or websites, including websites you may access through our Service, or any information collected by a third party. These third party services may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Information We Collect
We may collect your information in connection with your registration, use, purchase, or inquiries on or about our Service.
Automatically Collected Information
If you consent and use the Service, we may automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology. This automatically collected information may include your IP address or other device addresses, or device type, the web pages or mobile application store that you visited just before or just after you use the Service, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Service, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with push notifications and interstitial messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or took a screenshot of the message. This information is gathered from all users.
Information You Provide
When you download, register with, or use our Service, we may ask you to provide limited information by which you may be personally identified, such as: name, email address, telephone number, and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline. We may collect information that you provide by filling in forms on our Service or when you report a problem with the Service. We may maintain records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and phone numbers), if you contact us. When you sign into our Service, you are not anonymous to us.
How We Use Your Information
We may use your information to provide services, respond to and fulfill your requests, operate and market our Service, comply with applicable law, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We also use the information that we collect on the Service to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the Service, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and otherwise to provide support to users. The information that we collect is used to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the Service, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
How We Share Your Information
We may share your information with our affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, service providers and other third parties to provide our Service and fulfill your requests, and as otherwise consented to by you or as permitted by applicable law. We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state or federal laws (such as U.S. copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies. We also reserve the right to disclose your information when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service or any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
We work with third party service providers that provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, data transmission, data processing, and other services for us. These third parties may have access to or process your information as part of providing those services for us. However, we limit the personal information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions.
We may make certain automatically collected, aggregated, or non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) to monitor network traffic or activity in order to protect you, ourselves or others from malware, fraud, unlawful uses or other illegal activity, (ii) compliance with various reporting obligations; (iii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iv) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, or functionality available through the Service.
We may also share information with third parties for their own marketing purposes, which are subject to the separate privacy policies of such third parties. We will do this on the basis of your consent, where required by law, and if not required by law on the basis of our legitimate interests in sharing data with our partners so that we can help you see offers and services which are most relevant to you. To learn more about your choices related to how we share your information with third parties, please see the Your Choices section below.
In addition, we have implemented on our mobile application certain Google Analytics features. Visitors to our websites may opt out of certain types of Google Analytics tracking and customize the Google Display Network ads by using the Google Ad Preferences Manager. Any information you provide on third-party sites or through third-party services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. It is your responsibility to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
Information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer of our business, or to a successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets. In the event such a transfer were to occur, we will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you may be received by third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. We also reserve the right to display targeted advertisements based on personal information.
Security of Your Information
We maintain commercially-reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your information.
Your Choices
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, change your communication preferences, update your data sharing consents, and opt out of certain sharing of your information with third parties. Note, however, that opting out of our Service’s collection of location information will disable its location-based features. We may use your email address or other information we collect (i) to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service, to address intellectual property infringement or other claimed violations of our terms of use or (ii) to send communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us that are related to the Service.
Access, Correction and Erasure of Your Information
We provide you the opportunity to access, correct, update and request the erasure of your information. We reserve the right to refuse your request for erasure of your information for any reason at any time.
International Transfers
If you are using the Service outside the U.S., we may transfer your information outside of your home country, to the U.S. or a third country. To protect your information, any such international transfers will be made in accordance with applicable law.
Links to Other Websites
Our websites and Service may contain links to other websites or services that are not owned or controlled by us, including links to websites of our advertisers, sponsors and partners.
Changes to This Policy
This Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of our Service after we revise this Policy means you accept those changes, so please check the Policy periodically for updates. You will be notified about any material changes to this Policy via a posting on our website or mobile application, and as otherwise required by applicable law.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Policy, please contact us at support@callfromwork.com.
Notices to Residents of Certain Jurisdictions
Residents of certain countries may have additional rights.
Location Information
If you use our Service, we may receive your generic location (such as city or neighborhood) or, with your consent, precise geographic location data from your mobile device when the app is running and when it is not running. We may, for example, receive this information when you are in proximity to certain beacons, choose to publish your location, or in your comments or communications with us. We may use and store this information to provide and improve features of our Service, for example, to tailor our Service in order to better facilitate your requests and to provide you more relevant information about callers.
Integrated Services
You may be given the option to access or register for the Service through the use of your user name and passwords for certain services provided by third parties (each, an “Integrated Service”), such as through the use of a third party account, or otherwise have the option to authorize an Integrated Service to provide personal information or other information to us. By authorizing us to connect with an Integrated Service, you authorize us to access and store your personal information that the Integrated Service makes available to us, including your name and email address, if applicable, and to use and disclose such information in accordance with this Policy. You should check your privacy settings on each Integrated Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Integrated Service. Please review each Integrated Service’s terms and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information, including personal information, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners, advertisers, customers, and Integrated Services. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information in accordance with this Policy.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
We use the information we collect in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our business, including the following:
Provide you with services and their contents, and any other information or products that you request from us.
Give you notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
Notify you when service updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide.
Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
The usage information we collect helps us to improve our Service and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:
Estimate the numbers of users and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Service according to your individual interests.
Recognize you when you use our Service.
Information Retention Policy
If you hold an account with us, we do not delete the data in your account. You are responsible for and control the time periods for which we retain this data. However, when we believe we are required to retain your personal information by law, we will retain your information for as long as legally required. We may not know if you have stopped using the Service so we encourage you to contact us at support@callfromwork.com if you are no longer using the Service. We may retain other information that is not personally identifiable for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate interest in doing so.
General Data Protection Regulation
If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), we will process your personal information in compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).  For information submitted through the Service, we are the data controller, as defined under GDPR.  In accordance with GDPR, you, as a data subject, will be accorded with any applicable rights, which may include the following:
right of confirmation;
right of access;
right to recertification;
right to erasure;
right of restriction of processing;
right to data portability;
right to object;
right to withdraw data protection consent; and
right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please send a written request to us at
support@callfromwork.com . We may need to request specific information from you to confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any other right listed above). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Children
Our Service is not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under, please contact us at support@callfromwork.com.
Confidentiality And Security
We limit internal access to your personal information to employees who we reasonably believe require this information in order to do their jobs or to provide products and services to you.
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
State Privacy Rights
State consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information. California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Service that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
support@callfromwork.com .
International Users and Data Transfers
The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use our Service from a country other than the United States, note that you are transferring and consenting to the Company transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the Service, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
Conclusion
If you have further questions or suggestions regarding our Policy, you can contact us at
support@callfromwork.com .
Home
Features
FAQ
Download Now
Privacy Policy
Blog
Copyright © 2023 Call From Work