Privacy Policy - REmind
About
Contact
|
Login/Signup
Privacy Policy
Last modified: March 1, 2023
Introduction
RAW Solutions, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company (" Company ," " we ," or " us ") respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use the REmind™ software as a service property management platform (our " Service ") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
Through the Service.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between us.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other service or website operated by Company or any third party; or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or through the Service.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Service. By accessing or using this Service, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see
Changes to Our Privacy Policy ). Your continued use of this Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Persons Under the Age of 16
Our Service is not intended for persons under 16 years of age. No one under the age 16 may provide any personal information to the Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under 16. If you are under 16, do not use this Service or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name or email address. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a person under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a person under 16, please contact us at
help@remindhome.io
.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Service, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, email address, cellphone number, and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (" personal information ");
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as information about your real properties, including appliances and fixtures thereon; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Service, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Service. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies.
From third parties, including our business partners and vendors.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Service may include:
Information that you provide to the Service. This includes information provided at the time of opening and setting up your account or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Service.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses) if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Service and of the fulfillment of your requests including payment of your subscription fees.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Service, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Service, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Service.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking, including cross-device tracking).
The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Service and to deliver a better and more personalized service. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include "cookies" (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer or other device by your web browser. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Service.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Service and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Service or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you can opt out of future messages using the unsubscribe feature included with the message.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates, including our investors.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your State Privacy Rights
State consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information. To learn more about California residents' privacy rights, visit https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa. California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
help@remindhome.io
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah each provide their state residents with rights to:
Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access and delete certain personal information.
Data portability.
Opt-out of personal data processing for targeted advertising and sales.
Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia also provide their state residents with rights to:
Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information's nature processing purpose.
Opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
To exercise any of these rights please send an email to
help@remindhome.io
. To appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request  send an email to
help@remindhome.io
.
Nevada provides its residents with a limited right to opt-out of certain personal information sales. Residents who wish to exercise this sale opt-out rights may submit a request to
help@remindhome.io
. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute's opt-out requirements.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Service home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address associated with your account or through a notice on the Service home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Service and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at
help@remindhome.io
.
© 2023 REmind
About REmind
Contact Us
Login/Signup
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions