Privacy Policy – Icall Dailer
Icall Dailer
Menu
Home
Terms & Condition
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy This privacy policy governs your use of the software application for mobile devices that was created by icalldailer What information does the Application obtain and how is it used? User Provided Information The Application does NOT obtain any information except Name, Phone Number, Email Address, App Usage Data, Firebase Token, Device Details, Accessibility to provide the functions described in the Application description. This Application will NOT transmit that information to third party companies or services. Contact Information Please note that no other contact information other than the phone numbers and thereto attached names, Google IDs and email addresses will be collected and used from Your address book. Other numbers or information that may be contained in Your address book will be filtered away by our safety algorithms and will therefore not be collected by iCall OS17 – iOS Phone Dialer Application. Phone Logs In order to show the details of call history, calls you make or receive. iCall OS17 – iOS Phone Dialer allows you to have an in-build calling mechanism having call logs and contacts book in the application, which can be used to search a caller or to make a call within the app. The application gives you an option to make the Phone App as a shortcut to iCall OS17 – iOS Phone Dialer Application. No Call history and related details will be used or transferred by iCall OS17 – iOS Phone Dialer Application. Phone Number of the user can be used in order to make connections with other users to access features like games, screen sharing etc. Non Personal Collected Data Third-party collected data: We use several third parties in order to improve our services. These parties collect their own data. Please read their privacy policies to ensure that you are comfortable with the manner in which they collect data. Third Party Services Google Play Services Firebase Analytics Crashlytics Mintegral Addapptr What are my opt-out rights? You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. Changes Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. Your Consent By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. If you reside outside India your information will be transferred, and processed there under India privacy standards. Contact us If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at visioninfotech42@gmail.com
Copyright 2023 | icalldailer