PRIVACY POLICY scanner Published using Google Docs Report abuse Learn more PRIVACY POLICY scanner Updated automatically every 5 minutes PRIVACY POLICY This page is specially designed to disclose the policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the user.
The information you give us, for example, when you give us your opinions on our application and services via our feedback channel, such as your email address, and names. Generally. We may collect personal information from our users in order to provide them with a personalized, useful, and efficient experience. The categories of information we collect can include Social network's personal information and device's gallery pictur es.
Web browser cookies: Our Services may use "cookies" to enhance the User experience. User's web browsers place cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
How we protect your information:
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our services. How WE use Collected Information We may use your information only for serving you better as below: To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services; To provide the best user experience; We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of our Apps, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you to email messages and push notifications. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages.   How your Information may be Disclosed P ersonal Information. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number). Children’s Policy: We do not market to children under 13. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage to verify that minors under the age of thirteen are not using the Service. If the user is under the age of thirteen then the user may not download the Software or use the Service. The user may not use any feature of the Service that requires registration, and you may not provide us with any Information. Smart Media will not knowingly collect any Received Information concerning children under the age of thirteen. Third-Party  Sites: In general, the Applications, the Services, and the Site access third party information through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application you may leave the Application. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third-party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Websites by us. Contact Us: uoc.developer@gmail.com