Media Tech Studioz Privacy Note Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Media Tech Studioz Privacy Note Media Tech Studioz Privacy Policy Note Media Tech Studioz Privacy Policy Note Privacy Policy The Media Tech Studioz team builds the applications as Ads Supported applications. This SERVICE is provided by Media Tech Studioz team at no cost and is intended for building Media Converter-type useful applications. This page is used to inform visitors regarding Media Tech Studioz policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal and/or Non-Personal Information (if our services are using or collecting any such kind of data) if anyone decides to use Media Tech Studioz’s Services. If you choose to use Media Tech Studioz Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that Media Tech Studioz collects is used for providing and improving the Service. Media Tech Studioz will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions; our services will access that information which data belongs to Media Tech Studioz services. Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using Media Tech Studioz Service, Media Tech Studioz may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Android advertising ID. Please Note the information that Media Tech Studioz requests will be retained on your device and will not be collected by Media Tech Studioz in any way. Why We Use Your Personal Information 1.
To process your requests. 2.
To engage in communication with you. 3.
To enhance our service. 4.
For other business-related purposes. 5.
To comply with legal obligations. The app does use other Google Services or third-party services that may collect information used to best perform for you. Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app Google Play Services:  https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fview%2Fmediatechlibrarylicense%2Fhome&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0DR-Dl7dsHpgdcis4EQ9Yf Firebase Analytics:  https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/ Fabric: https://fabric.io/privacy Crashlytics: https://try.crashlytics.com/ Facebook: https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fprivacy%2Fexplanation&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0_QtfZW5P3bwzPjV-6Ae5n Google AdMob: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en License of Libraries: Media Tech Studioz provides complete details of all licenses of those libraries that we are using in our applications. By clicking this line link below, you can check all the license details. Media Tech All Libraries Licenses: https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fview%2Fmediatechlibrarylicense%2Fhome&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0DR-Dl7dsHpgdcis4EQ9Yf Log Data: Media Tech Studioz wants to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in the case of an error in the app Media Tech Studioz collects data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Cookies Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of Media Tech Studioz Services. Android Permissions Some services of Media Tech Studioz need some Android permission for the best user experience and/or best performance. Therefore, here is a detail of some android permissions, some of these permissions may be used in our services. There will be control in your hand to deny or allow to our services to these permissions. If you allow the permission which permission our services require, you will be able to use all the functions of services. If you will deny the permission which permission our services require you will not be able to enjoy our services completely. All this is as described in the above lines because Media Tech Studioz does not require extra or unusual permission for his services. WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE Some services of Media Tech Studioz may require WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE permission. If it requires WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE permission, it is just to save that data on WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE which generated and/or processed through our services. READ EXTERNAL STORAGE Some services of Media Tech Studioz may require READ EXTERNAL STORAGE permission. If it requires READ EXTERNAL STORAGE permission, it is just to process that data according to that functionality which you need. WRITE SETTINGS   Some services of Media Tech Studioz may require WRITE SETTING permission. If it requires WRITE SETTING permission, it is just to check options in Device Setting according to need of application functionality.  MODIFY AUDIO SETTINGS  Some services of Media Tech Studioz may require MODIFY AUDIO SETTING permission. If it requires MODIFY AUDIO SETTING permission, it is just to modify your device’s audio setting through our services and according to your requirement. BILLING Some services of Media Tech Studioz may require MODIFY AUDIO SETTING permission. If it requires WRITE SETTING permission, it is just to perform transaction if you will online purchase any item through our services.  Service Providers Media Tech Studioz may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: •
To facilitate our Service; •
To provide the Service on our behalf; •
To perform Service-related services; or •
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of our Services that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security Media Tech Studioz values your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable nowadays, and Media Tech Studioz cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites Media Tech Studioz’s Services may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me and are not in every app it may exist in any app for any special performance. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of those websites if those websites exist in Media Tech Studioz services. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy Media Tech Studioz’s Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If in the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we may necessarily actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy Media Tech Studioz may update his Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about Media Tech Studioz Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
media.app.studio@gmail.com Google Sites Report abuse