MIUI Downloader | Privacy Policy - xiaomiui
No.1 Fan Community Smartphones
All
Mi
Xiaomi 13T Redmi Note 13 Pro+ Redmi Note 13 5G Redmi Note 13 Pro Redmi Pad SE Xiaomi 13T Pro Redmi K60 Ultra Xiaomi Mix Fold 3
Redmi
POCO
Blackshark
Guides
Smartphones MIUI Downloader | Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Xiaomiui built the MIUI Download app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Xiaomiui at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at MIUI Download unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Installed Application. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app Google Play Services AdMob One Signal User Data Xiaomiui checks the list of Installed Apps in device to improve app experience. These data are taken anonymously, without keeping any data, without device data and details. Only the package names are checked on the API and the update status is checked inside the device. Package names on the devices are not saved in any where. For now, these data are controlled via the “https://www.apkmirror.com” site.
Log Data We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Cookies Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2021-09-23 Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@xiaomiui.net. Latest Devices All Devices Xiaomi 13T Redmi Note 13 Pro+ Redmi Note 13 5G Redmi Note 13 Pro Redmi Pad SE Xiaomi 13T Pro Redmi K60 Ultra Xiaomi Mix Fold 3 Latest News
MIUI Security APK: HyperOS Security App is available (17 October 2023)
HyperOS Control Center APK for all Xiaomi MIUI devices! How to download it?
Will HyperOS based on Android?
HyperOS screenshot revealed — first review
Xiaomi officially announced HyperOS. Goodbye MIUI! Latest Devices All Devices Xiaomi 13T Redmi Note 13 Pro+ Redmi Note 13 5G Redmi Note 13 Pro Redmi Pad SE Xiaomi 13T Pro Redmi K60 Ultra Xiaomi Mix Fold 3 Metareverse LLC – 30 N Gould St Ste 28604 Sheridan 82801 +1 (307) 288-0234 info@xiaomiui.net This is not an official Xiaomi website. The Xiaomi and the MIUI name are property on Xiaomi. This website belongs to Xiaomiui, the largest unofficial fan community. We keep lots of Xiaomi news, reviews and leaks for our followers.
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Contact Us Join Our Team About Xiaomiui Xiaomiui is part of the © Metareverse LLC - All rights reserved