Privacy Policy for Tidy Cash
Privacy Policy for Tidy Cash
Tidy Cash is committed to protect your privacy to the maximum extent possible.
-	This Privacy Policy describes how Tidy Cash collects, uses, protects and shares information about you, which is obtained when you are accessing and using the Tidy Cash mobile application
(“App”) or website (“Website”) and using our services of earning money by answering surveys listed and displayed on the App
(“Services”);
-	This Privacy Policy also applies to information that you share surrounding any user support or feedback activity via e-mail and otherwise.
We handle all information in compliance with the applicable law of your jurisdiction, with the European GDPR as overall guideline. For
European users, terms such as "personal data," "processing,"
"pseudonymisation," "profiling," "controller," "processor" as well as any other terms according to §4 GDPR have the same meaning as defined in the GDPR.
LEGAL BASIS
For processing your personal data while delivering our Services, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases:
-	We have received your explicit consent to processing; - The processing is necessary and outlined in connection with a legal agreement you conclude with us; - The processing is required by law.
PERSONAL DATA
Data collection and processing while delivering our Services, may include the following types:
-	User data
-	Contact data
-	Content data
-	Usage data
-	Meta/communication data
-	Personal data ( Identity )
MATTER
Data collection and processing while delivering our Services, may include the following reasons: - Creation of an account in the App;
-	Provision of the App’s Services;
-	User support queries;
-	Range measurement/marketing; - Security questions;
-	Processing of the payout;
-	Internal anonymous aggregated studies
- INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect and upload users' primary account information for the purpose of [state the purpose, e.g., account verification and rewards program participation]. This information includes [list the specific data being collected, e.g., name, email address, and account ID]. We treat this data with the utmost confidentiality and use it only for the intended purposes mentioned above.
-	 WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Sensitive Information. When necessary, with your consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, we process the following categories of sensitive information:
• social security numbers or other government identifiers
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information - such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics - is collected automatically when you visit our
Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
-	HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services.
SOURCES
All data is collected directly from the end user while delivering the Services inside the App, Website or performing necessary user support queries via email.
HOSTING & SECURITY
Tidy Cash uses hosting services for the purpose of providing the following services to operate the Services:
-	infrastructure and platform services;
-	computing capacity, storage and database services; - security services and technical maintenance services.
The collected data resulting from the use of the Services is stored temporarily in the log data of our servers (“Server Log Files"). The server log files are stored separately from your other data. Therefore, we are not able to draw any direct conclusions from the server log files to you. After seven days at the latest, the server log files are made completely anonymous by shortening the IP address, so that a personal reference is permanently excluded. The server log files are processed on the basis of §6 (1) f GDPR for the necessary guarantee of technical security, in particular for the prevention of attempts at attack and fraud on our servers, and for error correction. The log files will be deleted within 28 days after receipt of an error or crash report. We have further taken appropriate technical and organizational security measures following §32 GDPR. Such measures include ensured confidentiality, integrity and availability of data. Likewise, we respect the protection of personal data when developing or selecting the hardware, software and procedures, in line with §25 GDPR. The data processed by us will be deleted following §17 and §18 GDPR or their processing will be limited. The data collected and stored by Tidy Cash will be deleted once the data is no longer required for the intended reason. Under certain circumstances, data must be kept for reasons like tax or commercial reasons.
DATA PROCESSORS
When sharing data with processors or third parties in the course of our data processing, transmit data to them or similarly grant them access to the data, this only happens on the basis of our given consent, following §28 GDPR or if otherwise required by law.
Tidy Cash uses the service of the payment service provider PayPal, which is operated by PayPal, PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. & Cie, S.C.A.,
5th floor, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg (hereinafter collectively "PayPal") to process payments after the user answered one or multiple surveys on the App or Website. When using PayPal for payout in the App, personal data (in particular data concerning your
PayPal account) is transmitted to PayPal. PayPal may also collect personal information. PayPal is the only party responsible for the processing of these data. The use of the PayPal service is fully subject to PayPal's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use: https:// www.paypal.com/de/cgibin/webscr?cmd=p/gen/ua/policy_privacyoutside. Your contracts with PayPal are completely independent of your legal agreement with Tidy Cash
Tidy Cash uses the service of the analytics provider Kochava, which is operated by Kochava, Inc., 201 Church Street,
Sandpoint, Idaho, USA to attribute app installs to marketing campaigns and optimize the user experience in the app. We collect the following categories of personal information: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.
USER RIGHTS
Tidy Cash users taking part in our Services possess the following rights:
-	The right to request confirmation as to whether relevant data are being processed and to request information about such data, as well as further information and a copy of the data, following §15 GDPR; - The right to request completion of the data concerning you or correction of any incorrect data concerning you, following §16 GDPR; - The right to request that the relevant data will be deleted immediately, following §17 GDPR;
-	The right to request a restriction of the processing of data, following §18 GDPR; - 	The right to request provision of the data you have provided to Tidy Cash and to request their transfer to other processors,
following §20 GDPR;
-	The right to withdraw your given consent for data processing, following §7 (3) GDPR;
-	The right to object to future processing of data, following §21 GDPR;
Contact Data Protection Officer: support@tidycash.com MARKETING & COOKIES
The collected information may be used for direct marketing, with the purpose of keeping you informed about our Services and those of third parties in which you may be interested.
We may use temporary, permanent and third-party cookies to improve suggestions and recommendations for you. Cookies are small files and different types of information can be stored by such cookies. A cookie is mainly used to store the information about a user during or after a visit to a website. Temporary cookies are cookies that are deleted after a user has left a website and closes the browser.
Permanent cookies remain stored even after the browser has been closed to save the login status or store users' interests, which are used for range measurement or marketing purposes. Thirdparty cookies are offered by providers other than the person responsible for operating the website.
- THIRD PARTIES
GOOGLE FIREBASE
Our apps use functions of Google Firebase. Provider is Google Inc.,
1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Firebase is used to attribute app installs to marketing campaigns and optimize the user experience in the app. Google Privacy Policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
FACEBOOK
Our apps use functions of Facebook. Provider is Facebook Inc., 1
Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA. Facebook is used to attribute app installs to marketing campaigns and optimize the user
experience in the app. Facebook Data Policy: https:// www.facebook.com/policy.php
FYBER
Our apps use functions of Fyber. Provider is Fyber GmbH, Wallstr. 9-13, 10179 Berlin, Germany.
Fyber offers users the option to receive rewards for playing mobile games. Fyber Privacy Policy: https://www.fyber.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/Fyber-Group- Unified-Privacy-Policy-Updated-Version-8JUNE2018.pdf
IRONSOURCE
Our apps use functions of ironSource. Provider is ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin, Tel Aviv, Israel. ironSource offers users the option to receive rewards for playing mobile games. ironSource Privacy Policy: https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/ air/ironsourcemobile-privacy-policy/
TAPJOY
Our apps use functions of Tapjoy. Provider is Tapjoy Inc., 111
Sutter Street, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. Tapjoy offers users the option to receive rewards for playing mobile games. Tapjoy Privacy
Policy: https://dev.tapjoy.com/en/legal/Privacy-Policy
ADJOE
Our apps use functions of AdJoe. Provider is AdJoe GmbH, An der
Alster 42, 20099 Hamburg, Germany. AdJoe offers users the option to receive rewards for playing mobile games. To enable AdJoe, users agree to share personal data of installed apps, including the usage duration and usage history. AdJoe Data Privacy Statement: https:// adjoe.io/privacy
CPX RESEARCH
Our apps use functions of CPX Research. Provider is Make Opinion GmbH, Elfenallee 5, 13127 Berlin, Germany. CPX Research offers users the option to receive rewards for answering surveys. CPX Research Privacy Policy: https://www.cpx-research.com/main/en/ privacy-user/
BITLABS
Our apps use functions of BitLabs. Provider is BitBurst GmbH, Lerchenweg 3, 40789 Monheim am Rhein, Germany. BitLabs offers users the option to receive rewards for answering surveys and for playing mobile games. BitLabs Data Policy: https://bitlabs.ai/privacy-policy
© 2023 AdHoub Media Co, Ltd. Shelton St, Covent Garden, London | United Kingdomd