Mobile App Privacy Policy - Hesperian Health Guides
Books and Resources
Bookstore
Resources By Language
Digital Tools Overview
HealthWiki
Our Mobile Apps
Apply for Gratis Books
Get Involved
Donate
Volunteer
Join the Movement
Share Your Story
RPCVs Connect
Become a Translation Partner
About Us
Mission and History
Impact
Blog
Projects
Job Opportunities
Our Staff and Board
Contact Us
Bookstore
All Products
Hesperian Books
Books by Other Publishers
Bulk Ordering & Review Copies
Store FAQ
Donate
BOOKS AND RESOURCES
Bookstore
Resources By Language
Digital Tools Overview
HealthWiki
Our Mobile Apps
stay connected
Home
>
Books and Resources
>
Our Mobile Applications
> Mobile App Privacy Policy
Mobile App Privacy Policy
Last updated 5 October 2021
Hesperian Health Guides (“we” or “us” or “our”) values our relationships with and respects the privacy of our mobile app users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our mobile applications (“mobile apps” or “apps”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS HESPERIAN’S MOBILE APPS. Contact us with any questions regarding the collection, use, or storage of your data at
hesperian@hesperian.org .
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. Changes can be noted by visiting the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of our mobile apps after the date that a revised Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which you install our mobile apps, which may also collect and use data about you. We cannot control and are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third party.
Collection of your information
Personal Data
Our mobile apps are not capable of collecting or storing users’ personal information. Our apps do not require account registration, have no chat or message function, have no paid features, and do not ask you for personally identifiable information (such as name or email address).
Our Family Planning app’s Method Chooser questionnaire asks for information about a user’s health history and contraceptive preferences. This information is not retained and is lost when the user closes the app.
Our Safe Abortion app’s pregnancy calculator asks for information about a user’s date of last menstrual period. This information is not retained and is lost when the user navigates away from the page.
When you voluntarily contact Hesperian outside of our apps (e.g., to request assistance or provide feedback by email) we will have access to the information you provide voluntarily (“Voluntary Information”). Your email will be retained by Hesperian only for the purpose of responding to your request.
Mobile Device Data
Information about your mobile device (such as your mobile device model, country, presumed location, and language) and app usage (such as app pages viewed, number of visits, and access time) is collected in aggregate and stored by Google Analytics. You can read about their data safeguarding practices
here .
Use of your information
We do not have access to your information. We may use anonymous information collected via Google Analytics (as described above) to:
Compile and analyze statistical data for use internally or with third parties.
Increase the efficiency and operation of our apps.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve users’ experiences with our apps.
Act on what we learn.
Disclosure of your information
We do not have access to your information so we cannot disclose it. We may share anonymous information collected via Google Analytics (as described above) to use internally or with third parties as anonymous statistical data, to increase the efficiency and operation of our apps, or to improve users’ experiences with our apps.
Third-party websites
Our apps may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest that are not affiliated with Hesperian. Once you have used these links to leave our apps, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from our apps.
Security of Your Information
We do not collect any personal information through our apps whatsoever. We are committed to best practices to prevent loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized access, or unlawful or unnecessary processing of personal information. For example, we:
make use of encryption technology as appropriate;
use appropriate network access control technology to limit access to the systems on which the information we collect is stored; and
monitor for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
Unfortunately we cannot guarantee that the technical, physical and organizational measures we take will prevent every security threat nor can we guarantee that the information we collect will not be improperly accessed, used, altered or destroyed. We will notify you if we discover there has been a material breach of security which resulted in an unauthorized disclosure of your Personal Information.
California Privacy Rights
Hesperian apps do not track individual users or share data for targeted advertising so cannot respond to Do Not Track signals. However, if you access a third-party website through our apps, those third parties may track their users. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from our apps.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please write to us using the contact information provided below.
Contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Hesperian Health Guides
1919 Addison Street, Suite 304
Berkeley, CA 94704
hesperian@hesperian.org
© Copyright 2023 Hesperian Health Guides. All rights reserved.
Email: hesperian@hesperian.org
Tel: (510) 845-1447
Contact Us