Privacy | Eventive Offerings Client Stories Pricing
& More Organizer Login Try Eventive Eventive Privacy Policy Effective date: May 9, 2020 Eventive LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://eventive.org website and subdomains, and the Eventive mobile application suite (hereinafter referred to as the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions. Definitions Service Service means the https://eventive.org website and the Eventive mobile application suite operated by Eventive LLC. Personal Data Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). Usage Data Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). Cookies Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device). Data Controller Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data. Data Processors (or Service Providers) Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively. Data Subject (or User) Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data. Information Collection and Use We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. Types of Data Collected Personal Data While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Email address First name and last name Phone number Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City Cookies and Usage Data We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us. Usage Data We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. When you access the Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Location Data We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so ("Location Data"). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customise our Service. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings. Tracking & Cookies Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use: Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes. Use of Data Eventive LLC uses the collected data for various purposes: We collect and use your personal data to operate and improve our site and services. These uses include providing you with more effective customer service; making the sites or services easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information; performing research and analysis aimed at improving our services and technologies; and displaying content and advertising that are customized to your interests and preferences. We also use your personal information to communicate with you. We may send certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. Additionally, with your permission, we may also occasionally send you surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliates, and/or share your personal information with our business partners so they may send you information about their products and services. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Eventive LLC legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. Eventive LLC may process your Personal Data because: We need to perform a contract with you You have given us permission to do so The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights To comply with the law Retention of Data Eventive LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Eventive LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods. Transfer of Data Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Eventive LLC will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure of Data Sellers and Event Organizers We share your personal information with event organizers in order to allow them to sell and deliver tickets and passes and provide information and advertising concerning their event. Business Transaction If Eventive LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy. Disclosure for Law Enforcement Under certain circumstances, Eventive LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). Legal Requirements Eventive LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: To comply with a legal obligation To protect and defend the rights or property of Eventive LLC To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public To protect against legal liability Security of Data The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Eventive LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights: The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you. The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data. The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information. The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format. The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Eventive LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA). A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en Privacy Shield Eventive LLC complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Eventive LLC has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/ . With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Eventive LLC is subject to the regulatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EU individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under Privacy Shield, should direct their query to
privacy@eventive.org . If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to
privacy@eventive.org . In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Eventive LLC accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, Eventive LLC remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Eventive LLC proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Eventive LLC commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Eventive LLC: By email:
privacy@eventive.org By visiting this page on our website:
https://eventive.org/privacy/ By phone number: +1 901.347.0576 Eventive LLC has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the JAMS ADR. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Analytics We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en Behavioral Remarketing Eventive LLC uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service. Google Ads (AdWords) Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on -
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en Facebook Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950 To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217 Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ , the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ , or opt-out using your mobile device settings. For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation Payment Processing If you make payments to us or event organizers via the Service, we use Stripe to process and accept payments. Your payment will be processed by Stripe, or any other 3rd party payment partner we may use in the future, via those respective services who operate a secure server to process payment details, encrypt your credit/debit card information and authorize payment. We do not store any credit card information, but Stripe will collect credit card information and any other payment-related information. Each such third-party service uses the payment-related information that it receives as necessary and appropriate to fulfil requests to process payment transactions, to facilitate billing and to otherwise deliver payment services. Personal information about our users is used by each such service to process payment transactions and for no other purpose, and this information is subject to Stripe’s privacy policy and terms of use:
https://stripe.com/terms Links to Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children's Privacy Protecting the safety of children when they use the Internet is important to us. The Services are intended for use only by persons who are at least 13 years of age. By using our Services, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement and that, if you are under the age of 18, you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using the Services or sending any personal information to us or anyone else online. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective, and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: By email:
privacy@eventive.org By visiting this page on our website:
https://eventive.org/privacy/ By phone number: +1 901.347.0576 Smarter experiences for independent film. Facebook Instagram Twitter GitHub Offerings Eventive Virtual Film Festivals Distributors Arthouse Cinema Support Pricing User Guide System Status Company Our Story Careers Antipiracy Security Legal Privacy Terms DMCA ©
2023
Eventive. All rights reserved. ;