Accueil Search this site Skip to main content Skip to navigation Privacy Policy technomobifab built Remote for Led Lights
app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by technomobifab at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Remote for Led Lights unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information we collect:
Personal Information
Your name, phone number, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City, physical address, email address etc. are your personal information. When you download our application from play store we don’t collect these information generally. For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way. Analytics: We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics service is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry Analytics service to prevent Flurry Analytics from using and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry's Opt-out page: https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Yahoo!, please visit their Privacy Policy page: https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/policy/index.htm Service Providers: I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Ask Permission for Some Apps: Due to requirement of many platforms we may ask you to allow permission in order achieve some specific feature of the app.
android.permission.INTERNET Allow App to access network connections App needs to get the internet access so ads providers fetch ads online, and in order for our our app to work properly without errors. android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE Allow App to obtain the status of current WiFi access and WLAN hotspot information. When the user configures the smart remote control socket with the app, the app requests this permission to obtain the WiFi status, so as to find the smart socket and facilitate the next configuration connection. android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE Allows App to obtain network information status, such as whether the current network connection is valid. When the app needs networking, it requests this permission to judge whether the current network state is OK, so as to prompt the user. android permission RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED This permission is requested to know whether the device was rebooted or not, so the app can start preparing to do it's functions. android permission com.google.android.finsky.permission.BIND_GET_INSTALL_REFERRER_SERVICE This permission is used by the app to recognize where the app was installed from. android.permission.Ad_ID This permission gives users better controls and provides developers with a simple, standard system to continue to monetize their apps. It enables users to reset their identifier or opt-out of personalized ads. android permission com.google.android.gms.permission.AD_ID This permission gives users better controls and provides developers with a simple, standard system to continue to monetize their apps. It enables users to reset their identifier or opt-out of personalized ads. Cookies Data: The anonymous commonly used files with small amount of data for unique identifiers. These data are sent to user browser from a web and stored on your device internal memory. Our Services doesn’t use these data explicitly. The app use third party libraries which use these to collect data and improve their services. But you can set your browser to prevent all these or to indicate when a cookie is being sent Disclaimers: We will not be responsible for any of your personal information that is disclosed by your own reasons (for example, when you disclose your passwords to others or when you give access of your account to other peoples). By using your personal information by third parties in accordance to regulation of this policy we will not take any responsibility. Security: technomobifab is very worried about defending your data and we make solid strides for our end clients to guarantee your arrangement. In any case, recollect that no strategy for transmission over web or technique for electronic capacity is 100% secure and dependable, and we can't promise it is totally secure. Ad Serving Technology: We may uncover just non-individual information to Third gatherings and enabling outsiders to gather just non-individual information through their very own implanted innovation. The motivation behind gathering non-individual information by outsiders so as to convey Ads to you. The outsider publicizing organizations may utilize their very own treats to recognize your territory of intrigue and based on yours advantage they will show Ads to you. Children's Privacy: Our Service does not address anybody younger than 13 ("Children"). We don't purposely gather by and by recognizable data from anybody younger than 13. On the off chance that you are a parent or gatekeeper and you know that your Children has furnished us with Personal Data, if it's not too much trouble reach us. In the event that we become mindful that we have gathered Personal Data from youngsters without confirmation of parental assent, we find a way to expel that data from our servers. Changes to This Privacy Policy: We may refresh our Privacy Policy when needed. Consequently, you are encouraged to survey this page occasionally for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. Contact Us: If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at technomobifab@gmail.com. Page updated
Google Sites Report abuse