Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Women Latest New Winter 2023 Runway Rainwear Essentials Heritage Collection Winter Selection Clothes View All Trench Coats Coats & Jackets Puffer Jackets Knitwear Capes Dresses Blazers & Tailoring Shirts & Tops Trousers & Shorts Skirts Denim T-shirts Hoodies & Sweatshirts Activewear Swimwear Bags View All Crossbody Shoulder Tote Top Handle Clutch Check Mini Shop by Line Shoes View All Sandals Pumps Boots Loafers & Ballerinas Sneakers Jewellery View All Accessories View All Scarves Wallets & Card Cases Pouches Key & Bag Charms Hats & Gloves Sunglasses Belts Socks & Tights Tech & Travel Home Umbrellas Personalised Gifts Gifts View All Personalised Scarves Personalised Gifts Beauty View All Fragrance Burberry Goddess Burberry Signatures Burberry Her View All Makeup Face Lips Eyes Men Latest New Winter 2023 Runway Rainwear Essentials Heritage Collection Winter Selection Clothes View All Trench Coats Coats & Jackets Puffer Jackets Knitwear Blazers & Tailoring Shirts Trousers & Shorts Denim Polos & T-shirts Hoodies & Sweatshirts Underwear Swimwear Bags View All Small Crossbody Belt Tote Holdalls Backpacks Briefcases Check Shoes View All Loafers & Lace-ups Boots Sneakers Sandals Jewellery View All Accessories View All Scarves Wallets & Card Cases Pouches Keyrings Hats & Gloves Sunglasses Ties & Cufflinks Belts Socks Tech & Travel Home Umbrellas Personalised Gifts Gifts View All Personalised Scarves Personalised Gifts Fragrance View All Burberry Signatures Burberry Hero Children Latest New Rainwear Essentials Winter Selection Baby View All Coats & Jackets Knitwear & Sweatshirts Dresses Tops Skirts & Trousers Swimwear Grows & Gift Sets Nests & Blankets Changing Bags Baby Gifts Girl View All Coats & Jackets Knitwear & Sweatshirts Dresses & Jumpsuits Tops Skirts & Trousers Swimwear Boy View All Coats & Jackets Knitwear & Sweatshirts Polos & T-shirts Shirts Trousers & Shorts Swimwear Accessories View all Scarves Hats & Socks Sunglasses Bags Shoes Trench Women View All Heritage Men View All Heritage Scarves The Burberry Scarf View All Cashmere Scarves Wool Scarves Silk Scarves Lightweight Scarves Personalised Scarves Archive Campaigns Winter 2023 A Burberry Summer A New Creative Expression
Collections Summer 2024 Winter 2023 Privacy Policy Introduction Last updated: June 2023
version: 202306_14 Burberry is committed to respecting your privacy and complying with applicable laws and regulations to ensure that the personal information you give us is kept appropriately secure and processed fairly and lawfully. Burberry Limited is a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 00162636 (referred to in this Policy as "we, "us" and "our"). Burberry's representative in the European Union ("EU") is Burberry Italy srl, Via Manzoni, n.20, Milan 20121, Italy ("Burberry EU Representative"). Your personal information will be held and managed by Burberry Limited. By visiting and using Burberry’s website or mobile site ( www.burberry.com ) (the " Site ") or any Burberry application (" Application ") that we make available from time to time or by visiting a Burberry store for the purchase or sampling of products or for interacting with our content and/or services or by contacting our Customer Services Team, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy. You must be at least 13 years’ old to use the Site and Applications (14 years’ old if you are a customer in mainland China or 18 years’ old if you are a customer in Saudi Arabia). If you are under 13 (or 14 in mainland China or 18 in Saudi Arabia) or a minor in your country or state or region of residence, please ask your parent or legal guardian to provide their information for you. This Privacy Policy covers all personal information about you that we collect, use and otherwise process in connection with your relationship with Burberry as a customer or potential customer. Burberry will collect and use your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and as permitted by applicable laws, including in circumstances where: (i) it is necessary to provide or fulfil a service requested by or for you; (ii) you have given us your consent; or (iii) it is necessary for one or more of the following legitimate interests pursued by Burberry: To analyse, profile and monitor customer patterns and better understand the interests and preferences of our key customer audiences so we can consistently improve our products and services. To offer an enhanced customer experience and service, including by ensuring we personalise the Site and Application and (if applicable) Burberry updates and advertisements relating to products, services and events to make them more relevant to our customers’ specific preferences. To ensure the proper functioning and security of our services, Site and/or Applications, for example by identifying and preventing fraudulent transactions. To analyse the footfall in Burberry stores and at Burberry promotions or events for internal reporting purposes and to ensure adequate and appropriate product and resources. To ensure we continue to comply with applicable laws, for example in maintaining the accuracy of our records. What Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It When you register for an account with us (whether online or in-store), place an order, interact with our digital content on your computer or mobile device, visit a Burberry store (or concession), request an in-store service, sign-up to Burberry marketing or send us an enquiry, we will collect certain information from you. We will indicate whether this collection involves personal information and, if it does, whether providing your personal information is voluntary or mandatory for the service. Please be aware that where collection is mandatory, we may not be able to provide the relevant products or services to you if you do not provide that information to us.  Please select from the different sections of this Privacy Policy to learn more about what personal information we collect and how we use it. If we wish to use your personal information for purposes other than those stated in this Privacy Policy, we will obtain your consent where required by applicable laws.
We may collect the following information:
Contact Information and other identifying information:
your name, postal address, phone numbers and e-mail addresses. You acknowledge that we may also obtain information about you as a result of authentication or identity checks (for example in connection with our standard fraud checks when you make a purchase on our Site or Application). We use this information to identify you as a customer, to process and manage your order, to deliver products and services, to process payments, to update our records and to generally manage our relationship with you, including your customer account under our terms with you.
Providing us with certain personal information is voluntary but we may not be able to process your order and/or send you the required order acknowledgement and shipping confirmation communications if you do not provide us with certain requested information.
We may also use your contact information to send you marketing communications and display advertising and to contact you in relation to service-related matters, including aftercare services or to assist you in relation to prospective purchases on our Site and/or Application and, on occasion, to request and respond to feedback relating to Burberry. This feedback may relate to matters including Burberry’s brand, product and services and/or your experience and satisfaction with Burberry, including in-store, on our Site and/or Application. We will only use your contact information where permitted to do so in accordance with applicable laws or if we have your consent to do so (if required by applicable laws).
Payment Information :
information related to your credit card, debit card, and/or other payment information to process payments in connection with your orders.
Demographic Information:
we may ask you for your gender, birthday and age (and where you have a customer account we may infer your age bracket based on your engagement with our stores). You may also provide us with information about yourself, your product size preferences and lifestyle interests on our Site or Application or when using interactive content in Burberry store or events. We use this information and/or your customer account and profile information for our internal demographic insights into our customers, to offer you an enhanced service according to your preferences, including by identifying relevant products, services and events which may be of interest to you, and personalising your experience with Burberry.
Other Account and Transactional Information:
if you have a customer account (whether created online or in-store) or have purchased Burberry products, including through our business partners (including department stores in which Burberry has a concession), we may also collect information about the products you browse online or purchase, where you purchased the products from and other information related to your purchases or which is otherwise relevant to your customer relationship with Burberry. We use this information to manage your orders and our relationship with you, for our internal demographic insights into our customers, to offer you an enhanced service according to your preferences (including any style preferences you may share when using our Applications), such as identifying relevant products, services and events which may be of interest to you, personalising your experience with Burberry and sharing with you information about your past purchases.
Together with non-personal information, we may also use this information for our internal marketing analysis and demographic studies, to analyse, profile and monitor customer patterns so we can consistently improve our products and services. This means that we can offer more personalised and integrated shopping and interactive experiences to our customers across our stores, our Site and Applications.
Internet and other electronic activity :
Where permitted under applicable laws or with your consent (if so required by applicable laws), we may use information about how you use our Site, Application and any in-store services to personalise our communications to you, tailor the advertisements you are shown and/or the content appearing on our Site and Application and to personalise our in-store service to you, so as to make the Site, our Application and our services and communications more relevant to you and to enable your use of any interactive features of our services.
We also use this information to maintain and improve the Site, our Application, and our services.
We may process information about the device you are using to connect to the services on our Site, Applications or any interactive content we may provide. This may include the type of device you use, your internet browser, your location based on the unique identifier for your device such as an Internet Protocol address
(“IP address”)
or a code for an Application running on your device. When you attend a Burberry store or event, we may also use technologies that connect to the functionality on your mobile device (such as Bluetooth and GPS) and collect information based on Wi-Fi, mobile phone masts, beacons and other in-store technology. See further information regarding Wi-Fi usage below.
We use this information to ensure the proper functioning and security of our Site and Application, to optimise our services to you and to better understand how our content and services are used and their effectiveness. The information collected in-store through your mobile device using these technologies also gives us aggregated and anonymous statistics about footfall traffic in our stores and information about the average gender, size, height, ethnicity and country/region of origin of our visitors but it is not used for, or available to, Burberry at an individual visitor level.
Location information :
When you visit our Site we may seek to determine your country-level location in order to direct you to the appropriate domain (internet location) of the Site, based on the region you appear to be visiting the Site from. We will do so using information being transmitted publicly via the internet, including your IP address. Where you request location services provided by us, for example in order to find the nearest store to you or to provide more precise location based content, we will either: (i) do a look up against address information given by you, such as using your postcode to find our nearest store; (ii) look at the country/region in which you are in according to the unique identifier (e.g. an IP address) for your device; or (iii) if you enable location services on your mobile device, we may establish your real time location relating to the latitude and longitude of your mobile device, through GPS signals, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connection information including MAC addresses perceived by your device, where this is available. In the case of mobile device location services, you can change your location preferences at any time by managing your device settings.
Wi-Fi usage information:
If you register for our free Wi-Fi service at our stores or events, we will collect certain information about your device, including MAC or IP address, connection date and time and the location(s) at which you connected to our Wi-Fi Service, for the purpose of providing the Wi-Fi service under our terms with you. When you connect to our Wi-Fi service you will be directed to our Site and we may collect and process information using “cookies” and other similar technologies. For more details please see
“Location information”  above and  “Cookies”  below.
Inferences:
We may create inferences drawn from the categories of personal information described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, behaviour and attitudes.
We use this information to personalise and improve our services and to better understand the interests, to preferences of our key customer audiences, and to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you.
How Personal Information May Be Collected Sources of Personal Information From You.
We collect personal information from you directly. We may also collect personal information from you indirectly, including through your use of our Site and/or Application and/or where we draw inferences about you (both as described above). From Third Parties.
We may collect personal information that you provide to our business partners to be shared with us, for example, if you sign-up to Burberry marketing on their site or platform. We may also supplement information we collect about you with marketing and demographic information which we receive from our business partners (which may include departments in which Burberry has a concession) and affiliated third-party companies, in addition to other information which is available in the public domain or which we are otherwise lawfully permitted to be provided with in order to ensure the accuracy of our records, better understand the interests and preferences of our key customer audiences and improve our service to our customers. If you don’t want us to use your personal information in this way then you can contact us at any time to ask us to stop (see “Contacting Burberry" below). Transaction-related information may be shared with us by our business partners (which would include department stores in which Burberry has a concession) and other third parties (including law enforcement agencies and insurance providers) in order to manage and/or support with orders, to identify and investigate suspected fraudulent transactions, for sanctions-related screening purposes and to support the security of our services, where permitted in accordance with applicable laws. Information from or about your friends We sometimes run promotions (for example on social media platforms) where you can tell us about a friend or someone else who you have a personal relationship with and two-way communications based on your shared interests, experiences, opinions and any other relevant factors (a “ Friend ”) who may be interested in our products, services, Site or Application. We may therefore also receive information about you from your friends and acquaintances who chose to provide it. You may only provide us with information about your Friend with their permission. If your Friend gives you their permission to provide us with their details, then we will only use their information for that reason and not to send them any other unrelated offers. We may also mention that it was you who shared their details with us in the message we send to them. China customers –
WeChat official accounts and WeChat mini-programmes (the “WeChat Applications”) Burberry collects personal information from and about you when you use and interact with Burberry WeChat Applications and may supplement the information we hold about you, including your customer account profile, with this information. Burberry WeChat Applications are each treated as a Burberry “Application” for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. We collect and process your WeChat openid when you access and use Burberry WeChat Applications and may also collect and process your unionid and other WeChat profile data if you authorise the Burberry WeChat Application to access this. We process this information to identify you and understand your browsing behaviour and interactions with the Burberry WeChat Application so that you can unlock user experiences and we can personalise our services to you. We will also collect information that you directly input into any Burberry WeChat Application in order to provide the services and/or perform the action requested, for example, when you book an in-store service, make a purchase and/or when you upload any content. With your consent, we will use your WeChat profile data and other information you input into any Burberry WeChat Application to send WeChat notifications or contact you in relation to a particular user experience or requested in-store services. Cookies Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser or your device’s memory. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie (i.e. when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or another identifier We also use similar technologies (which are also called cookies for the purposes of this policy) such as web beacons (also called pixel tags or clear gifs), tracking URLs, software development kits (SDKs) and local storage on the Site and Applications. A cookie will allow us to collect information about your device, such as user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using the Site and Applications. By linking the information in these cookies with other customer information that you provide to us, for example, when you log-in to the Site or Application, we may be able to identity the cookie information relates to you. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.  You can reset your web browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, however, certain features of our Site or Application may not work if you delete or disable cookies.  Some of our Service Partners (discussed below) may use their own cookies, anonymous identifiers, or other tracking technology in connection with the services they perform on our behalf. We inform you where relevant of our use of cookies on arriving at our Site, Application or, if required by applicable laws, on entering relevant stores. You acknowledge and agree that by continuing to use our Site or Application or services without managing your cookie and device choices and preferences, that you consent to our cookie settings and agree that you understand our
Cookies Policy
( https://www.burberry.com/legal-cookies/cookie-policy/) . Please be aware that restricting certain cookies will impact on your user experience and may prevent you from using part of our Site or Application. Please see the   Cookies Policy  ( https://www.burberry.com/legal-cookies/cookie-policy/)  for more information about cookies which are used on our Site and Application, including information on how you can manage your cookie choices and preferences.  Advertising and Online Tracking We may allow third-party companies to serve ads and collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Site.  These companies use information (e.g. click stream information, web browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) collected during your visits to the Site and other websites, and may use other similar identifying information and/or contact information (where lawfully permitted to do so) in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you.  These companies typically use a cookie to collect this information and will use identifiers in order to recognise a user (including linking them across different devices and browsers) and to more effectively measure and provide targeted advertisements).  Such personalisation and targeting may be based on lookalike audiences created through tools provided by third party platforms (e.g. Meta). These tools help us identify other potential Burberry customers with similar interests or demographics and deliver advertising on third party platforms to those potential new Burberry customers who share similar attributes. Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals, but several of our Service Partners who utilize these cookies on our Site enable you to opt out of targeted advertising practices.  To learn more about these advertising practices or to opt out of this type of advertising, you can visit  www.networkadvertising.org  or  www.aboutads.info/choices/ . In addition, you can opt out of seeing online interest-based advertising from companies that participate in opt-out programs through the
Digital Advertising Alliance
( http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/ ), the
Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
( http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ )or
Appchoices
( http://youradchoices.com/appchoices )(apps only). We also provide you with additional tools to opt out of marketing from us (see
"Unsubscribe from Burberry updates " below). We may also engage Service Providers who provide digital advertising related services, including social media or internet search platforms, in order that Burberry advertisements appear on other websites or platforms (see ‘Burberry Updates’). Communications and interactions with Burberry Please note that your calls with Burberry are recorded in order to enable us to better serve our customers, for quality assurance purposes and to ensure an accurate record relevant to any transaction under our terms. If you contact Burberry by live chat from our Site or Application, by email or phone, Burberry will collect your personal information and use this information to identify you as a customer, help with your query, process your order/reservation, deliver products and services, process payments, update our records and to generally manage our relationship with you, including your customer account with us under our terms with you. Burberry may also use information, including our chat history with you, to better understand the interests and preferences of our customer audiences. When you are chatting to Burberry through live chat, the stylist or Customer Service representative that you are chatting with may be able to see the country that you are browsing from, the Burberry pages that you are navigating to and/or the products that you have viewed and/or purchased on our Site, in order to better understand your preferences and help you with your browsing. We may also obtain personal information where you “like” us, create posts, mention us in public posts or otherwise interact with our pages on social media platforms and may in response, use this information to communicate with you, to provide relevant content via those social media platforms about our products, events and promotions where permitted to do so in accordance with applicable laws. We may also analyse public social media posts (including where you mention us and/or interact with our content in public posts) as part of our internal marketing analysis and demographic studies, in order to better understand and monitor trends and patterns so we can improve our products and services and understand what may be of interest to you and others. Please refer to the privacy policies of the social media platforms for information about how they collect and use your personal information. Receiving and Unsubscribing from Burberry Updates Burberry Updates
We will only send you Burberry updates about our products, services and events if you want to receive them (and, if required under applicable laws, you have provided your consent). You can opt out of receiving updates (which would signify withdrawing your consent if you have provided consent), at any time (see "Unsubscribe from Burberry updates" below).
When sending you Burberry updates we will use the preferred communication method you selected, where applicable (e.g. by e-mail, post, phone or messaging services). If you have enabled push notifications on the Application or your mobile device, we will send you Burberry updates on your phone.
United States:
Note that if you are registering an account with us (whether on our Site or Application or in-store) from the United States, or making a purchase on our Site from the United States for the first time or as a guest, you will need to uncheck the marketing consent box if you do not wish to receive Burberry updates.
Other locations:
in certain cases, where permitted in the country that you are browsing from, or the domain (internet location) of the Site that you are browsing, please note that if you are making a purchase on our Site for the first time or as a guest, you will need to check the marketing consent box if you do
not
wish to receive Burberry updates.
Unsubscribe from Burberry Updates
If you are registered to receive Burberry updates relating to our products, services and events, and you no longer wish to receive these, you can request that we amend your preferences. You can do that either as indicated in the particular communication, e.g.by using the unsubscribe link which is included on all email updates, or by amending your preferences online (see ‘Your rights in relation to your personal information’ below). Burberry will stop sending updates in respect of which you opt out (or withdraw your consent, where applicable) within a reasonable period (as required by applicable law) and in any event within 28 days of receiving your request, in order to allow sufficient time for the change to be administered.  You may opt out of receiving push notifications on your phone by changing through the settings on your mobile device or in the ‘Account Settings’ on the Application.
If you opt out of receiving Burberry updates relating to our products, services and events, we may still send you non-marketing communications such as emails about your account or purchases you have made from the Site or Application, and/or emails to request and respond to feedback relating to Burberry. We will only use your contact information where permitted to do so in accordance with applicable laws.
Who We Share Your Personal Information With In certain circumstances, we may share your personal information with other companies in the Burberry group (including joint ventures) globally (“ Affiliated Companies ”), selected service providers (which may include franchisees and licensees, depending on your country of residence) who sell or promote Burberry products and services or perform other functions on our behalf such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, and carrying out promotional services or data management (“ Service Providers ”) and/or other third parties, in each case as permitted by applicable laws or with your consent (if so required by applicable laws) and as further described below. We may also share aggregated or anonymised information that does not directly identify you. Please select from different sections of this Privacy Policy below to learn more about who we may share your information with and when.
Where we share your personal information with third parties (whether our Affiliated Companies or selected service providers), we will put in place contractual measures to require Affiliated Companies and Service Providers to take reasonable precautions to safeguard your personal information, as required by applicable laws.
Service Providers
We may share information about you with companies we have chosen to handle our order dispatch service, any delivery company that we may use from time to time and with other companies that provide support services to us, including website hosting companies, IT service providers and fraud management solution providers. We may also share your information with other companies who sell or promote Burberry products and services, (including social media and internet search platforms who you independently subscribe to), in order to provide you with an enhanced customer experience. In addition, we may also share certain limited information with companies who assist Burberry with other services, for example, delivering digital advertising and/or in analysing our customer data in order to better understand, profile and monitor customer patterns so we can consistently improve our products and services and understand what may be of interest to you and other customers. In each case, we will only provide these companies with the information which they need to carry out their services and they will not be permitted to use the information for other purposes. They will only be allowed to use your information in the way in which we instruct them and as permitted by applicable laws.
Digital and social media partners
We may share information about you with digital partners, including social media companies and internet search platforms, in relation to services they provide to us (as described above). However, in some cases these partners may also process your information for their own purposes and their own privacy policies will apply.
In relation to certain Meta (formerly known as Facebook) products, including use of the Meta pixel and Meta Conversion API on our Site (see ‘Cookies’ and ‘Advertising and Online Tracking’ above and our Cookies Policy for further information regarding digital advertising and cookies and similar technologies), Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (‘Meta Ireland’) acts as a joint controller of processing with Burberry within scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (“ GDPR ”) for certain of the processing activities relating to marketing and ad-measurements. Meta Ireland’s ‘Controller Addendum’ applies to determine respective responsibilities between us and Meta for compliance with applicable GDPR obligations relating to the joint processing. Information about how Meta processes your information, the legal basis for the processing, and how to contact Meta to exercise your rights with regard to information stored by Meta can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy .
Order dispatch and delivery partners
Where your order is delivered by one of Burberry’s third party delivery or order dispatch service providers (e.g. SF Express, FedEx and UPS), only that information necessary for their delivery purposes is provided. The privacy policy of that third party delivery or order dispatch service provider may also apply where that service provider also processes your personal data in their capacity as a data controller under applicable data protection laws. For more information, please
visit the privacy policy on the website(s) of the applicable delivery or order dispatch service provider which delivers your order.
Financial institutions, payment processing partners and fraud management solution providers
Payments using our Site or Application are made through our payment solutions providers. We may also direct you to our providers’ sites if you wish to make a remote purchase when speaking to our Customer Service and/or store teams. In each case, you will be providing credit or debit card information direct to our providers who process payment details further.
When you make a payment we may share your information, including details of your transaction, with service providers who provide fraud detection and management solutions related to your transaction, and, in certain circumstances, for the purposes of carrying out sanctions screening services.
Legal disclosures
In certain circumstances (where required or permitted under applicable laws or with your consent (if so required by applicable laws), we may disclose personal information relating to you to third parties (including in other jurisdictions) in order to conform to any requirements of law, to comply with any legal or regulatory process, for the purposes of obtaining legal advice, for the purposes of credit risk reduction, to prevent and detect fraud, for sanctions screening purposes and/or to protect and defend the rights and property of Burberry and other members of the Burberry group. At all times where we disclose your information for the purposes of credit risk reduction, fraud prevention and/or sanctions screening, we will take all steps reasonably necessary to help ensure that it remains secure.
Business or process change partners
In the event that we or a part of our business undergo re-organisation or are sold or licensed to a third party, any personal information we hold about you may be transferred to that re-organised entity, licensee or third party.
Overseas transfers of data
The personal information that you provide through the Site and/or Applications is processed in the United Kingdom and is stored on servers in the following countries: United States of America, Ireland and Germany.
We may transfer information that we collect from you to other companies in the Burberry group, joint ventures, franchisees, licensees, other companies who promote and sell Burberry products and services and to selected service providers who perform functions on our behalf (as described above), based in countries/regions outside of the U.K. and the European Economic Area ("EEA") or your country/region of residence, where permitted by applicable laws, or if we have your consent (if so required by applicable laws) and this information may be stored and processed in such countries/regions.
Personal information stored in another jurisdiction may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in that jurisdiction according to its laws. Whether the personal information you provide to us is processed by us or our Affiliated Companies or services providers within the U.K. or EEA or outside of it, we will take steps to ensure that your personal information will be afforded the level of protection required of us under and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws and in accordance with current legally recognised data transfer mechanisms, such as appropriate EC approved standard contractual clauses (see  http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/transfer/index_en.htm ) and the standard contractual clauses (to be) formulated and adopted by the Cyberspace Administration of China (as relevant).
Your Rights In Relation To Your Personal Information You may have the right under applicable data protection laws to ask: for details of the personal information we hold and process about you (including information regarding how your information may be shared), for a copy of your personal information, that we correct your personal information where it is inaccurate and/or that we complete your information where it is incomplete, that we limit or restrict your personal information in certain cases, that we delete your personal information in certain cases, to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and for Burberry to transmit that data to another controller (data portability) in certain cases, to de-register your account if you have registered a customer account with us, to object and opt out of important decisions which were based solely on automated decision-making. You can also limit or withdraw any consent you give to us at any time and may have the right under applicable law to object to us using your personal information for Burberry’s legitimate purposes. You may ask us for further information regarding withdrawal or refusal of consent and the consequences of such refusal. If you do withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of any previous processing based upon such consent. If you would like to exercise any of these rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you or wish to change your preferences at any time, please contact our Customer Service Team at
customerservice@burberry.com   If you have an online customer account, you can also access, amend or update your information by logging into My Account on the Site or Application and amending your details as appropriate.  If you have created a customer profile in a Burberry store, you can also access, amend or update your information by visiting a store and speaking to one of our sales associates. Please note that we may require you to verify your identity in order to process a request made to exercise your rights in relation to your personal information. If we are unable to match this information, we may ask you to provide additional identifying information, such as a copy of your passport or drivers’ license. You may designate a third party to act on your behalf provided they have appropriate written authority to do so . If you make a request to delete your personal information, note that we may not delete all of your information. We may still process your personal information if it is necessary to do so and we are lawfully permitted. For example, in the following circumstances: Transactional: to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide goods or services requested by you, or perform a contract we have with you; Security and Maintenance: in the context of detecting and/or preventing security incidents, preserve the integrity or security of systems; or investigate, report, or prosecute those responsible for any such action, and/or to debug or repair any errors; or Legal: to protect against fraud or illegal activity or to comply with applicable laws or resolve legal claims or exercise rights under applicable laws and to assist another party with any of its obligations under applicable privacy laws (to the extent permitted under applicable laws) If you remain unhappy with a response you receive from us you can refer the matter to your local data protection supervisory authority (for example, see European authorities here   http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm ). S ensitive personal information (US
- California ) We do not collect or process Sensitive Personal Information, as defined by California law, for inferring characteristics or use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than those permitted by law. Right to appeal (US - Virginia, Colorado and Connecticut) If you are a Virginia, Colorado or Connecticut resident and we were unable to fulfil your request, you may appeal our request by emailing us at DPO@burberry.com within fourteen days of our decision, including “Appeal Request” in the subject line, with a detailed reason for your appeal, as well as your state of residence. Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights To opt out of sharing your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please e-mail us at  customerservice@burberry.com  and clearly state your request, including your name, mailing address, e-mail address and phone number.  Please see "Unsubscribe from Burberry updates" for additional information.  You also have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. Please click here ( https://us.burberry.com/legal-cookies/do-not-sell-my-personal-information/ ) to find out more. Non-Discrimination If you exercise any of your personal information rights detailed in this section, we will not discriminate against you and we will not deny you goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide you with a lesser quality of goods or services. Retention and Deletion of Personal Information We will only keep your customer profile information for three years and/or as long as you remain an active customer (whichever is the longer, as set out further in the table below),
or otherwise as required for our business operations or by applicable laws. Recordings of inbound calls to Customer Service are retained for 6 months unless it is reasonable or legally required in the circumstances to hold such recording(s) for a longer period (for example, due to a potential dispute, complaint or ongoing customer service enquiry).
We may need to retain certain personal information even once a customer account or profile has been closed or deleted to enforce our terms, to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, for fraud prevention, to identify, issue or resolve legal claims and/or for proper record keeping purposes. We may also retain a record of any stated objection by you to receiving Burberry updates for the purpose of ensuring that we can continue to respect your wishes and not contact you further. When the applicable retention period has been reached and/or Burberry no longer requires your personal information for any of the purposes stated above, your personal information will be deleted or destroyed in a manner that cannot be restored or reproduced.
Type of record/personal information
Retention Period
‘Back in stock’ email notification request
4 months from the date of the request
Personal information for individuals (or ‘prospects’) who have signed up to marketing
3 years from sign-up. This period will be extended: (i) by a further 3 years if you subsequently make a purchase online or in-store, or if you interact with Customer Service; and/or (ii) by a further 18 months if you interact with any of Burberry’s digital content, for example, if you click on marketing emails or interact with Burberry digital content on the Site.
Customer account/profile data
3 years from the creation of the account/profile. This period will be extended: (i) by a further 3 years if you subsequently make a purchase online or in-store, or if you interact with Customer Service; and/or (ii) by a further 18 months if you interact with any of Burberry’s digital content, for example, if you click on marketing emails or interact with Burberry digital content on the Site.
Recordings of inbound calls made to Customer Service
6 months unless required in the
circumstances to hold such recording(s) for a longer period (for example, due to a potential dispute, complaint or ongoing customer service enquiry)
Security and Third Party Links We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized or accidental access, processing, erasure, loss or use.  Unfortunately, transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information submitted to us and any transmission is at your own risk.
We do however use strict  procedures  and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access wherever possible. Personal information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third-party service partners, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law.
Personal information provided to Burberry via the Site, Application and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server using Secure Socket Layering (SSL), encryption technology. When the letters "http" in the URL change to "https," the "s" indicates you are in a secure area employing SSL; also, your browser may give you a pop-up message that you are about to enter a secure area or display a padlock image. The Site and the Application use this encryption technology to protect your information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address and credit card number. Our customer service centre and stores also operate over a private, secure network. Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information.
The Site and/or Application may from time to time contain links to other websites not controlled by us. We do not accept responsibility or liability for the privacy practices, data collected or the content of such other websites. The operators of these linked websites are not under a duty to abide by this Privacy Policy. If there are terms and conditions, other privacy statements or policies appearing on those websites, you should also review them carefully as your use of those sites may be subject to them.
Children's Privacy You must be at least 13 years’ old (or 14 years’ old, if you are a customer in mainland China, or 18 years old if you are a customer in Saudi Arabia) to use our Site and Applications. If you are under 13 or a minor in your country or state or region of residence, your parent or legal guardian must provide their information and agree to this Privacy Policy on your behalf and you may only access and use our Site and Applications with permission from your parent or legal guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of 13 (14 for mainland China and 18 for Saudi Arabia) or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, we will delete such information from our records.
IN-APPLICATION VIRTUAL ACTIVATION When you choose to (and your device enables you to, subject to your device model and settings) virtually ‘try on’ Burberry products such as glasses, using the in-Application virtual activation technology (“Virtual Activation”), the Application will request access to your device’s camera. Where you permit the Application to access your device’s camera, the Virtual Activation will access the image of your face through your device’s front camera, and, using third party software, detect the co-ordinates of your facial features and measure these by distance. These measurements will result in the formation of a generic face model within the Application to match the dimensions, shape, and current expression of the detected face. This model is then used as the basis for overlaying content that follows the shape of your face (for example, overlaying an image of glasses or beauty products). Neither the Application nor Burberry will be able to uniquely identify you based on this data and neither Burberry, the Application, nor Burberry’s third party Service Providers shall capture or otherwise collect or record any personal information from this experience, including any images of you, or the co-ordinates. The data generated by the Virtual Activation will be stored locally on your device and once you have finished with the experience and exited the Application, the data will be deleted. Where you are offered the option to have this data emailed to you, your email address will be stored temporarily and deleted after the data has been sent to you.
The use of the Virtual Activation is voluntary and you will have the option to agree to or deny access to your device’s camera in order to use the Virtual Activation. Unless you choose to activate the Virtual Activation and permit access to your device’s camera, the Application will not have access to your device’s camera.
Change to This Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The amended Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site or Application. Please check this page regularly for changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you and obtain your consent (if required by applicable law) before they take effect either through the Site or Application or by sending you a notification.  Any such material changes will only apply to personal information collected after the revised Privacy Policy took effect.
Contacting Burberry You can contact us if you have any questions about the way in which your personal information is being collected or used which are not answered by this Privacy Policy. Please contact us at  customerservice@burberry.com  or you can contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) at  DPO@burberry.com . Alternatively, you can write to the DPO or Burberry Legal Department at Horseferry House, Horseferry Road, London SW1P 2AW . If you wish to contact us by telephone, Burberry Customer Service offers global assistance 24-hours a day, seven days a week, and can be contacted on +44 (0) 20 3367 3000.
If you are in the EU, you can contact the Burberry EU Representative at
EUDPrepresentative@burberry.com
or Burberry Italy srl, Via Manzoni, n.20, Milan 20121, Italy.
South Korea Local Privacy Representative
Burberry Limited’s Local Privacy Representative, for the purposes of the South Korea Personal Information Protection Act, is Burberry Korea Limited with its representative Claudia Kim, registered address details (Cheongdam-dong) 459, Dosan-daero, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea, email address
customerservice@burberry.com
and telephone number 0079844341257.
Brazil Chief of Data Treatment ( encarregado )
BURBERRY BRASIL - COMÉRCIO DE ARTIGOS DE VESTUÁRIO E ACESSÓRIOS LTDA., a subsidiary of Burberry Limited, has appointed a Chief of Data Treatment, for the purposes of the General Data Protection Law (LGPD), with office at Rua do Rocio, 350 3º Andar, Vila Olimpia, SÃO PAULO – SP, CEP 04552-000, Brazil and telephone number +55 11 3638-3431. The Chief of Data Treatment can also be contacted via DPO@burberry.com.
Sign up Email Find a Store Burberry Services chevron-down Customer Support chevron-down About Burberry chevron-down Legal & Cookies chevron-down Language English Shipping to United Kingdom (£) If you are using a screen-reader and are having problems using this website, please call
+44 (0) 203 402 1444
or
contact us
for assistance. Burberry Limited, Horseferry House, Horseferry Road, London, SW1P 2AW Registered in England & Wales Registered Company Number: 00162636 Chat with us Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Unmute Current Time  0:00 / Duration  0:00 Loaded :
0% 0:00 Stream Type  LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time  - 0:00   1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Subtitles subtitles settings , opens subtitles settings dialog subtitles off , selected Audio Track default , selected Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset
restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Unmute Current Time  0:00 / Duration  0:00 Loaded :
0% 0:00 Stream Type  LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time  - 0:00   1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Subtitles subtitles settings , opens subtitles settings dialog subtitles off , selected Audio Track default , selected Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset
restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
We use cookies and similar technologies to improve and personalise your user experience, deliver adverts relevant to your interests on third party platforms and analyse our web traffic.
By clicking on
‘accept all’, you consent to us using cookies and similar technologies for these reasons and to the sharing of your data with our partners. Alternatively, you can choose which types of cookies you would like to accept or disable by clicking ‘let me choose’ below (you can change your mind at any time).
For more information on how we use cookies, please see our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy .
Accept all cookies Let me choose Your cookie preferences Your Privacy Essential Cookies Functional Cookies Analytics Cookies Advertising Cookies Your Privacy
We use cookies and similar technologies on our Site as outlined below. You can use this tool to change your cookie preferences at any time.
We also use cookies to serve personalised advertisements on third-party websites within our network by using a process called real-time bidding.
Some personal information (including your IP address and browsing behaviour) may be shared with social media providers, advertisers, analytics and other third-party service providers.
For more information on how we use cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
or for general information about how we use your personal data, see our
Privacy Policy. Essential Cookies Always Active These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through the Site and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
They perform functions like: Ensuring our Site’s pages load quickly; and Preventing any fraudulent payment activity.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation for you. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our Site.
They perform functions like: recommending similar products for you based on the products added to your online shopping bag; recommending sizing of products for you based on measurements you have provided; and allowing you to begin a live chat session with one of our customer services representatives and/or in-store sales associates. Analytics Cookies
Analytics Cookies
These cookies help us understand how our Site and tools on the Site are being used.
They help us: understand how effective advertising and marketing campaigns are; and customise and improve our services and user experience on the Site. Advertising Cookies
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver advertising messages more relevant to you, including on third party platforms such as Google, Facebook and Instagram.
They perform functions like: preventing the same advertisement from continuously reappearing; identifying whether you purchase products on our Site after viewing our advertisements; and displaying advertisements that are based on your interests. We may also use data derived and collected from tools on our Site in order to support and enhance how we personalise our services for you. Back Button Back
Filter Button Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label Clear
checkbox label
label Apply
Cancel Save preferences Reject all
Accept all