"Nilox E-Scooter" Application User Privacy Service Agreement
1、 Special tips
In particular, you (the user) are reminded that before you register as a user of the "Vorago" application (hereinafter referred to as "the application"),
Please read carefully the rights and obligations stipulated in this agreement between the "Vorago" application and the user regarding the "Vorago" application service (hereinafter referred to as the "service"). "User" refers to the individuals and units who register, log in and use the service. This agreement can be updated by the application. "
fly
"At any time. The updated terms of the agreement will replace the terms of the original agreement after publication. No notice will be given. Users can query the latest version of the terms of the agreement in this application. After modifying the terms of the agreement, if users do not accept these terms, please modify them
CADOS will immediately stop using the services provided by the "Volago" application, and continuing to use the services provided by the user in the "Volago" application will be deemed to accept the modified protocol.
（2） .
Register Account
2.1 Users must download and install "Nilox E-Scooter" before using the service.
No account registration is required to use the "Vorago" application service.
2.2 In view of the way in which the "Nilox E-Scooter" application is used, he agrees that the "Nilox E-Scooter" application will allow the use of Bluetooth when the phone is turned on.
3、 User Representations and Warranties
3.1 The user promises to become a civil subject with full civil capacity and is able to conclude transactions to fulfill its obligations.
3.2 Any content produced, uploaded, copied, published or disseminated by the user through the use of Nilox E-Scooter application, including but not limited to account avatar, name, user description and other registration and authentication data, or sending, response and link pages related to text, sound and image,
Video, graphics, etc., as well as other content generated by using the account or the service, shall not violate the relevant national legal system, including but not limited to the following principles:
1) Violating the basic principles stipulated in the Constitution;
(2) Endanger national security, divulge state secrets, subvert state power and undermine national unity;
(3) Damage national honor and interests;
(4) Incitement of national hatred, national discrimination and destruction of national unity;
(5) Destroy the state's religious policy and promote feudal cults and superstitions;
(6) Spreading rumors, disrupting social order and undermining social stability;
(7) Dissemination of obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terrorism or incitement to crime;
(8) Insult or slander others and infringe upon their legitimate rights and interests;
(9) Including other contents prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
4.4 Users shall not use the "Vorago" application account or service to create, upload, copy, publish or disseminate content that interferes with the normal operation of the "Vorago" application and infringes the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties:
(1) Contains any sexual or sexual overtones;
(2) Contains insults, threats or threats;
(3) Contains harassment, spam, malicious or misleading information;
(4) Involving the privacy, personal information or data of others;
(5) Infringe the right of reputation, image, intellectual property, trade secret and other legal rights of others;
(6) Contains other information that interferes with the normal operation of the service and infringes the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties.
5、 Service content
5.1 "Nilox E-Scooter" application (hereinafter referred to as "application") is a mobile terminal application developed by Nilox E-Scooter Company.
The specific content of the service is provided by the "Volago" application according to the actual situation, including but not limited to:
(1) Bluetooth control;
(2) Vehicle search;
(3) Other services that the "Nilox E-Scooter" application can provide.
5.2 The "Nilox E-Scooter" application has the right to review or delete content published/disseminated by users suspected of violating laws or socialist spiritual civilization at any time,
Or "Nilox E-Scooter" application thinks it is inappropriate (including but not limited to text, sound, image, video, graphics, etc.).
5.3 All notifications and other information sent to the user can be sent through the application or the contact information provided by the user.
6、 Termination of Service
6.1 The "Nilox E-Scooter" application has the right to stop providing services to users under the following circumstances:
6.1.1 If the user violates the relevant provisions of this service agreement, the "Vorago" application has the right to stop providing services to the user;
If a user re registers as a user directly or indirectly or in the name of others after being found, the "Vorago" application has the right to directly and unilaterally terminate the provision of services to the user;
6.1.2 Users shall not seek illegitimate benefits or cheat through software or other means.
If the user is found cheating, the "Nilox E-Scooter" application will immediately terminate the service and have the right to deduct the improper profits obtained due to cheating;
6.1.4 Once the "Nilox E-Scooter" application finds that the data or information provided by the user contains false content, the "Nilox E-Scooter" application has the right to stop providing services to the user at any time;
6.1.5 When terminating or updating these service terms, the user is not clearly willing to accept the new service terms;
6.1.6 Other "Nilox E-Scooter" applications deem it necessary to terminate the service.
6.2 After the end of the service, the "Nilox E-Scooter" application does not need to keep the original account or any information related to the original account for the user, nor does it need to forward any information that has not been read or sent to the user or a third party.
6.3 The user understands and agrees that even after the termination of this agreement and user service, Nilox E-Scooter application has the right to:
6.3.1 Continue to save user information;
6.3.2 Continue to require users to be responsible for violating laws and regulations, this Agreement and platform rules during the use of platform services.
Chapter VII.
Service change and interruption
7.1 In view of the particularity of network services, users must accept that the "flight" application will change,
It will interrupt part or all of the network services, and delete (no longer save) any information submitted by the user in the use process, without notifying the user, and will not assume any responsibility to any user or third party.
7.2 The "Nilox E-Scooter" application needs to regularly or irregularly test or update the platform providing network services, and the "Nilox E-Scooter" application has no obligation to assume any responsibility for the interruption of network services within a reasonable time due to this situation.
8. Change of service conditions
8.1 The "Nilox E-Scooter" application has the right to modify any content of the Terms of Service at any time.
Once any content of the service terms changes, the "Nilox E-Scooter" application will notify the user of the modification of the content in an appropriate way.
8.2 If the user does not agree with the modification of these service terms made by the "Vorago" application, he/she has the right to stop using the network service.
8.3 If the user continues to use the network service, the user will be deemed to accept the modification of the service terms made by the "Volago" application.
9. Declaration of Exemption and Compensation
9.1 If the "Nilox E-Scooter" application clearly indicates that the way it provides services has changed, and reminds the user that all consequences of the user's failure to act as required will be borne by the user himself.
9.2 The user expressly agrees that the risks arising from the use of "Nilox E-Scooter" application will be borne by them, and all consequences arising from the use of "Nilox E-Scooter" application will also be borne by them.
9.3 The user promises to maintain and safeguard the interests of the Nilox E-Scooter application and other users, and the user promises to be responsible for the damage caused to the Nilox E-Scooter application and any other third party by the user due to illegal, false and improper behavior,
Infringe the legitimate rights and interests of a third party when using the Nilox E-Scooter application or when the user violates any term of this agreement.
9.4 Part of the public information collected by the application comes from the Internet. The purpose of reprinting is to disseminate more information and use it for online sharing, which does not mean that the station agrees with its views and is responsible for its authenticity, nor does it constitute any other suggestions.
Some works of the site are independently displayed, published, edited and uploaded by netizens.
This website only provides an exchange platform for such works, and is not responsible for their copyright.
If you find any works infringing your intellectual property rights on the website, please contact us, and we will modify or delete them in a timely manner.
9.5The information provided by App is for reference only.
This website does not guarantee the accuracy, validity, timeliness and completeness of information.
This website and its employees have no obligation to assume any direct or indirect responsibility for the user or any other person's error, inaccuracy or error in transmitting or transmitting any information in any way.
To the extent permitted by law, this website states that it will not cause any direct, indirect, incidental, dependent, special, punitive or disciplinary damage to users or any person due to users or anyone's use or non-compliance with the information or any links provided by this website.
10、 Privacy Statement
10.1 Scope:
10.1.1 When using the "Vorago" application, authorize personal location information and Bluetooth function as required;
10.1.2 When the user uses the "Voice" application or accesses its relevant web pages, the "Voice" application automatically receives and records the server values in the user's browser, including but not limited to the IP address and web page records required by the user.
10.2 Use of information:
10.2.1 The "Nilox E-Scooter" application shall not sell or provide the user's personal information to anyone unless the user's permission is obtained in advance;
10.2.2 The "Nilox E-Scooter" application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate the user's personal information in any way for free.
Any user who conducts the above activities has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user and freeze his/her account upon discovery;
10.2.3 In order to serve users, the "Nilox E-Scooter" application can use the user's personal information to provide services for users, including but not limited to sending product and service information to users,
Or share information with partners of the "Nilox E-Scooter" application so that they can send information about their products and services to users.
10.3 Information disclosure:
Under the following circumstances, the user's personal information will be partially or completely disclosed:
10.3.1 Disclosure to a third party with the consent of the user;
10.3.2 Disclose to a third party or administrative or judicial authority according to relevant provisions of laws or requirements of administrative or judicial authority;
10.3.3 If the user violates the laws or policies of relevant websites in China, it must be disclosed to a third party;
10.3.4 In order to provide the products and services required by the user, the user's personal information must be shared with a third party;
10.3.5 Other disclosures deemed appropriate by the "Nilox E-Scooter" application according to laws or website policies;
11. Others
11.1 The "Nilox E-Scooter" application solemnly reminds the user of the terms in this agreement that exempt the "Nilox E-Scooter" application from liability and limit the user's rights, so the user is required to carefully read and independently consider the risks.
Minors must read this Agreement in the company of their legal guardians.
11.2 The validity, interpretation and dispute settlement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China.
If there is any dispute or controversy between the user and the "Nilox E-Scooter" application, it will first be settled through friendly negotiation.
If negotiation is not possible, the user will agree to submit the dispute or dispute to the competent people's court in the place where the "Nilox E-Scooter" application resides.
11.3 Any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable for any reason, and the remaining provisions remain valid and binding on both parties.
11.4 The final interpretation right of this agreement belongs to the "Vorago" application program, and reserves the right to interpret and modify everything.
11.5 This Agreement shall apply from August 1, 2023.