Privacy Policy - Bridge
BECOME A CACHED BUYER
Home
Our Solution
Meet Our Team
Resources
Contact
Home
Our Solution
Meet Our Team
Resources
Contact
Instagram
Facebook
Linkedin
Please click
here
if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
Skip to content
BECOME A CACHED BUYER
Home
Our Solution
Meet Our Team
Resources
Contact
Home
Our Solution
Meet Our Team
Resources
Contact
Instagram
Facebook
Linkedin
Privacy
Policy.
Last modified August 8, 2023
Bridge Metaverse LLC
Privacy Policy
SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICY
Bridge Metaverse LLC, a Delaware limited liability company d/b/a Cached (“Cached,” we,” “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy and providing you with a safe online experience.  This Privacy Policy covers the collection, use and disclosure of information collected through the Cached website, the URL for which is https://mycached.com/ (the “Website”).  This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Cached Website Terms of Use (the “Website Terms of Use”), which can be accessed
here .
If there is a discrepancy, conflict or inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and the Personal Information Processing Agreement (the “PIPA”) that you are required to accept as a condition to use of the Cached™ application (the “Application”), the PIPA will take precedence over the data privacy terms in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Data that Cached receives through the use of the Application.  This Privacy Policy only applies to the Personal Data (as defined below) collected through use of the Website that does not involve use of the Application as well as through the other collection methods described below in the “Personal Data We Collect” section of this Privacy Policy.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
Cached is headquartered at 530 7th Avenue, Suite 507, New York, NY 10018, in the United States.  Cached has appointed an internal data protection officer for all questions and concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or other privacy-related documents that govern the collection of your Personal Data.  You may contact our data protection officer by sending an email to
Info@mycached.com .
PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
We take your privacy very seriously.  We acknowledge that data privacy is an ongoing responsibility.  Thus, from time to time we may update this Privacy Policy as our business expands, and we undertake new business opportunities that involve your Personal Data.  Therefore, we strive to adhere to the following principles laid out in this Privacy Policy:
BASIC PRINCIPLES OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Notice
– We tell you what information we collect, how we use it, how third parties may use it, and when and how we share it.
Choice
– We offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-out) whether their Personal Data is (a) to be disclosed to a third party (other than our contractors and Service Providers (as defined below)), or (b) to be used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
Accountability for Onward Transfers
– We take steps to gain assurances from our data processors that they will safeguard Personal Data consistent with this Privacy Policy and take steps to prevent disclosures of Personal Data in violation of this Privacy Policy.
Security
– The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  While we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Integrity & Purpose Limitation
– We will use your Personal Data only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by you.  We will take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Data is relevant to its intended use.
Personal Data Requests
– Upon request, we will grant individuals reasonable access to the Personal Data that we hold about them, and we will take commercially reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete.
Resource, Enforcement and Liability
– We will conduct compliance audits of our relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this Privacy Policy.  Any employee or independent contractor of Cached or any affiliate of Cached that we determine is in violation of this Privacy Policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of their employment or engagement.  The Website Terms of Use includes procedures for dispute resolution and binding arbitration that apply to disputes with respect to this Privacy Policy.
Definitions
In addition to terms defined elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, the following terms have the following meanings:
“business” or “data controller,”
for the purpose of the CCPA (as defined below) only, refers to Cached as the legal entity that does business in the State of California, collects consumers’ personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of such personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected, and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of such personal information.
“CCPA”
means the California Consumer Privacy Act, including as modified by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) when the CPRA takes effect, together with any applicable implementing regulations.
“consumer,”
for purposes of the CCPA, means a natural person who is a California resident.  A resident, as defined in the CCPA, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
“cookies”
means small text files that are placed on your computer, mobile device or any other Device by a website, containing the details of your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
“Device,”
when capitalized, means any device that can access the Website, such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
“Personal Data”
means, collectively, any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that can be reasonably connected to an identified or identifiable natural person.
“ personal information ,” for purposes of the CCPA, means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
“sale ,” for purposes of the CCPA, means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
“Service Provider”
or
“Data Processor,”
when capitalized, means any natural or legal person who processes data on behalf of Cached.  It refers to companies or individuals engaged or employed by Cached or any affiliate thereof to provide the Website on behalf of Cached, to perform services related to the Website, to assist Cached in analyzing how the Website is used or to provide any other services to Cached that requires the processing of Personal Data.
“you”
means, as applicable, the individual accessing or using the Website, or the company or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Website, and “your” has a correlative possessive meaning.
Children Under the Age of 16
The Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age.  No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to the Website.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16.  If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on the Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or username you may use.  If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.  If you believe we might have collected or received any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at
info@mycached.com
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information (as defined in the CCPA).  Please see the “Supplemental Privacy Policy For California Residents” section of this Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Contact information , such as your first and last name, email address, phone number, business name (if applicable) and physical address, is collected when you contact us through the Website, social media or other means. We may collect some of this information using various third-party vendors.
Online data , such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and personal information contained in cookies (see the “Detailed information on our collection of cookies” section below), is collected when you visit the Website. We may also gather your personal information from social media websites from strategic partners.
Website and Server Logs
– When you visit the Website, our servers capture your activity, your IP address, computer settings, which browser you use, what language your browser is using, the date/time of your usage, any referring URL (the website that sent you to the Website), and additional information contained in cookies (see the “Detailed information on our collection of cookies” section below).
Correspondence
– If you contact us by email, postal mail, or any other form of communication that reveals your Personal Data, we may store such information and use it to respond to you, to notify you of additional services, or to keep a record of your comment or complaint, accommodation request, or similar issues. As with other forms of data collection, if you desire to have Cached “erase” your Personal Data, please contact us at
info@mycached.com .
Customer feedback
– From time to time, we may ask you to provide feedback, either directly, over the phone, through our software or through our support team. You are not required to provide feedback, but, if you do, your name and comments will be stored and may be used to improve the Website or the services we deliver through the Website or the Application.
Infrastructure storage
– Users who visit the Website or purchase products and services from Cached will have their Personal Data stored within Cached’s infrastructure as well as the infrastructure of the Service Providers that provide cloud services to Cached.
Detailed information on our collection of cookies
Use of cookies
– When you visit the Website, we use cookies, or similar technologies like single-pixel gifs and web beacons, to record and log data. Cookies are useful to personalize your online experience.  We use both session-based and persistent cookies.  Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser.  Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire.  They are unique and allow us to do site analytics and customization, among other similar things.  If you access the Website through your browser, you can manage your cookie settings.
Disabling Cookies
– Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can edit and manage your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to disable and manage your cookies settings.  If you disable cookies, you may still browse public areas of the Website, but some features and services may not function.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Cached will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason, and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.  If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Website, Marketing, Social Media, Network and Security Improvements, Events, etc.
We collect your Personal Data to administer the Website, for marketing purposes, to continuously improve your experience in using the Website, to insure that the Website and any social media content displays in the most efficient and effective manner, for usage trend monitoring and for advertising.
We also collect your Personal Data and use it to improve our network and information security practices.
We also collect your Personal Data that you may provide to us to inform you of additional services or events or simply to reply to you based on your inquiry .
Customer Support
– If you contact us with questions or requests for help relating to the Website, we will collect your Personal Data to the extent required to provide such customer support.
Website Analytics
Cached uses Google Analytics to generate and deliver to us reports with website trends without identifying individual visitors to the Website.  Website usage is tracked using Google Analytics tools in accordance with its privacy policy.  However, if you do not want your Personal Data to be used by Google Analytics, you may opt out by installing the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on .
Marketing Uses and Opt-Out Rights
We may use your Personal Data to communicate with you regarding the Website and to let you know about features and services we provide that may be of interest to you.  You may also sign up at the Website for newsletters and other communications from Cached by providing certain Personal Data to us.  If you do not wish to receive any of the foregoing communications, you may opt out at any time by various methods, including by contacting us at:
Toll free number:  1 800 536-1421
Email:
info@mycached.com
Postal mail:  530 7th Avenue, Suite 507, New York, NY 10018
INFORMATION SHARING
The Personal Data we collect from Website visitors outside of the Application will not be sold, rented, or leased to third parties.  For information on how we share the Personal Data of Application users, please refer to the PIPA.  Further, we believe that we do not disclose your Personal Data to any third party in a manner that would be considered a “sale” under applicable laws.  We will share your Personal Data with trusted third-party Service Providers only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
Except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, Cached will not transmit, disclose or share your Personal Data to unrelated persons or businesses for their independent use unless: 1) you specifically authorize it; 2) the information is given to comply with applicable law or legal process, such as a search warrant, court order or subpoena, to exercise the rights we have against you, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our employees or others; 3) the information is given to our agents, vendors, affiliates or Service Providers that perform functions on our behalf; 4) the information is needed to address emergencies or acts of God; 5) the information is needed to address disputes or, claims; or 6) the information is transmitted or disclosed to persons who are your agents or representatives purporting to have legal authority to act on your behalf.  We may also collect aggregated data about Website visitors and users of the Application and transmit the results of such aggregated (but de-identified) information to our partners, vendors, Service Providers, advertisers, and third parties for purposes of marketing and promotions.
Payment Information
The Website outside of the Application does not collect or store any payment information.
Law Enforcement and Internal Operations
We may provide Personal Data where we are required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary
to respond to claims asserted against Cached or any affiliate of Cached or to comply with legal process (for example, discovery requests, court orders, subpoenas or warrants);
to enforce or administer our policies and agreements with Website and Application users;
for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support, product development and de-bugging purposes; or
to protect the rights, property or safety of Website or Application users and/or members of the general public.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals about law enforcement or court-ordered requests for Personal Data unless otherwise prohibited by law.  However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to any third-party request to compel disclosure of your Personal Data.
Service Providers
We engage Service Providers or Data Processors to perform services on our behalf to help us provide the Website and related services.  Additionally, we engage Service Providers or Data Processors to assist us in marketing, IT infrastructure, cloud computing, data enhancement and other services to enhance your experience with the Website and Cached’s business in general.
These Service Providers or Data Processors may have access to your Personal Data in order to perform such functions.  However, they are prohibited from retaining, using, or disclosing any Personal Data for any purpose other than for the specific purpose of performing the services for which we have retained them, as specified in our contract with them and in certain instances to generate aggregated and anonymized data for use for their own business purposes.
We require all Data Processors to agree to take reasonable steps to keep the Personal Data that we provide to them secure.  We never authorize them to use or disclose your Personal Data except in connection with providing their services and to generate aggregated and anonymized data for use for their own business purposes.
In addition, Cached may share data with trusted partners as Data Processors to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, or provide customer support.  All such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Data except to provide such services and to generate aggregated and anonymized data for use for their own business purposes.
Business Transfer
Cached may sell, transfer, merge or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.  Under such circumstances, Cached will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify individuals whose Personal Data has been collected by Cached if such Personal Data is to be disclosed or transferred and/or becomes subject to a different privacy policy, which notification likely will take the form of a post on the Website.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
How is my Personal Data Protected?
Cached has implemented security procedures designed to secure your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.  We follow generally accepted standards to protect the Personal Data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  When your information is submitted, it is protected through the use of encryption.  We restrict access to your Personal Data to those employees and independent contractors of Cached and its affiliates who require such Personal Data to provide Cached’s services to you.  Furthermore, such employees and independent contractors are trained regarding the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of Personal Data.
Reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures taken include, but are not limited to:
Restricting access to Personal Data protected by passwords, which are restricted and revoked when staff departs
Restricting access to Personal Data to key staff on a need-to-know basis
Regular staff privacy and security training
Requiring that key contractors sign contracts that include confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions
Continuous intrusion detection
Regular vulnerability scans
Regular penetration testing
Regular backups at offsite location
Web application firewall
All data and passwords are encrypted
Data is only available via SSL
Data centers that house Cached information are Soc 2 type ii compliant.
Malware detection
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of any information we store, process, or transmit.
Data Storage and Retention
Your Personal Data is stored on Cached’s servers as well as the servers of Cached’s cloud and SaaS-based systems, all of which are located in the United States.  Cached will keep your Personal Data not relating to the Application or your use thereof for up to one year.  For more specific information on where and how long your Personal Data is stored, please contact Cached’s data protection officer at
info@mycached.com .
YOUR CHOICES
Right to Review or Change Your Personal Data
If your Personal Data that has been collected by Cached changes, you may correct, update, amend, remove, or ask to have it removed by contacting us by phone or email at the contact information available on the Website.
We will retain your Personal Data as needed to make the Website available and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom and you would like to access, modify or delete your Personal Data collected by Cached, please contact us via email to
info@mycached.com .
Right to Withdraw Consent
You have the right to withdraw consent where such consent is required to share or use your Personal Data.  You also may request that we delete your Personal Data that we have collected.
If you receive communications from us and no longer wish to receive them, please follow the removal instructions in the email or text message you have received from us.
Right to Remove
You can request that we delete your Personal Data that we have collected by emailing a request to
info@mycached.com .
If we are legally required to comply with such a request, we will confirm your identity and delete your collected Personal Data in such time frame as required by law.
We may be required to retain some of your Personal Data by law or in order to assert or defend legal claims, to exercise our legal rights or in connection with our contractual obligations.  We may de-identify and anonymize some of your Personal Data for purposes of retaining it.
Right to Redress
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom and you believe we have violated any data protection laws, please contact us immediately at
info@mycached.com .  We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data in accordance with the principles contained in this Privacy Policy within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”).  Should you be unable to resolve a complaint with us, you may contact the FTC at the following address:
Federal Trade Commission
Attn: Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20580
Please visit the FTC website at
www.ftc.gov
for more information.
European Economic Area and United Kingdom data subjects may also have the right to file complaints with the data protection authorities located in the jurisdiction in which they are located.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Cached.  If you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies.  Cached is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Website.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws.  We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy through posting on the Website or other means that we may select.  We will also notify users of the Website if we make changes that materially affect the way we handle Personal Data that we previously collected from them, and, in such event, we will allow such users to choose whether their Personal Data may be used in any materially‑different manner.
Supplemental Privacy Policy For California Residents
This Supplemental Privacy Policy supplements the information in the Privacy Policy and applies solely to California residents.  It applies to personal information (as defined in the CCPA) we collect as a business or data controller (each as defined in the CCPA); it does not apply to personal information we collect or otherwise process as a service provider or data processor (each as defined in the CCPA).
Cached as a “business” and a “service provider”
California law makes a distinction between organizations that process personal information for their own purposes (known as “businesses”) and organizations that process personal information on behalf of other organizations (known as “service providers”).  Depending on the circumstances, Cached may act as either a business or service provider with respect to your personal information.  If you have a question or a complaint about how your personal information is handled, these should always be directed to the relevant business because it is the one with primary responsibility for your personal information.
For example, if you visit the Website and contact us through an online web form, Cached will be a business with respect to the personal information that you provide about yourself.
Summary of Uses of Personal Information We Collect
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your personal information (as defined in the CCPA).
We and/or our service providers may collect and use personal information for the following business or commercial purposes (as those terms are defined in applicable law):
Our or our service provider’s operational purposes;
Auditing consumer interactions on the Website (e.g., measuring ad impressions);
Detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents and fraudulent or illegal activity;
Bug detection and error reporting;
Customizing content that we and/or our service providers display on the Website (e.g., contextual ads);
Providing the Website and promoting Cached’s business (e.g., Website maintenance, customer service, advertising and marketing, analytics, and communication about the Website and Cached’s business);
Improving the Website and the Application and developing new services (e.g., by conducting research to develop new products, services or features);
Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, such as third-party advertising and communicating with you about relevant offers from third-party partners; and
Other uses about which we notify you.
We may also use personal information for compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and we may combine the information we collect (“aggregate”) or remove pieces of information (“de-identify”) to limit or prevent identification of any particular user or device, as defined in the CCPA.
Rights Under California Law
If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights.  California law may permit you to request that we:
Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last 12 months; the categories of sources of such personal information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared your personal information.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.
Provide your personal information to another entity to exercise your right to portability.
Update or amend your personal information.
Delete certain information we have about you.
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any).  You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.  For example, we need certain types of information so that we can respond to requests from you about the Website.  If you ask us to delete such information, we may no longer be able to provide such responses.
If you would like to exercise any of your California consumer rights, please submit a request to
info@mycached.com .  You will be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your request.  To do so, you will need to provide us with certain information, such as your full name and email address.  You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.  To do so, you must provide us with written authorization for the agent to act on your behalf.  In such event, you will still need to verify your identity directly with us.
The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information.  Based on the definition of “sell” under the CCPA and under current regulatory guidance, we do not believe we engage in such activity.  We do share certain personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity, for example, through cookies, as explained in the “Detailed information on our collection of Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER THE SHINE THE LIGHT LAW
California residents who have an established business relationship with Cached may make a written request to Cached asking whether Cached has disclosed any personal information to any third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the prior calendar year.  To make such a request, please contact us at:
Toll free number:  1 800 536-1421
Email:
info@mycached.com
Postal mail:  530 7th Avenue, Suite 507, New York, NY 10018
NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
Under Nevada law, certain Nevada residents may opt out of the sale of “personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons.  Under Nevada law, “personally identifiable information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.
We do not engage in the license or sale of personally identifiable information, as defined under Nevada law, in connection with the use of the Website outside of the Application; however, if you are a Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by email to
info@mycached.com .  Please note that, in such event, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of your opt-out request.  Upon such verification, we will retain your opt out request in the event our practices change.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you believe that Cached has not adhered to this Privacy Policy or you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
info@mycached.com .
Instagram
Facebook
Linkedin
© 2023 Copyright Bridge Metaverse LLC
|
Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  SMS Policy